Joseph Franklin Wright “Frank,” age 87 of Blanchard, Oklahoma, went to be with the Lord on Wednesday, December 31, 2014.  He was born Mary 16, 1927 in Waynoka, Oklahoma, the sixth of seven children born to Milton and Sarah Wright. He had four older sisters; Rosetta, Cora Bell, Ruth and Juanita.  He had one older brother, Bud, and one younger brother, Jimmy.    
In 1945, he married Virginia June Ellis in Waynoka.  They had four children, Karon, Nancy, Ellis and Kevin.  Frank worked hard to support his family, working as an electrician for the railroad for thirteen years in Waynoka, Amarillo, TX, and Clovis, NM.  He worked for twenty-seven years for McBride Electric, in Wichita, KS, Oklahoma City, OK, and Dallas, TX, where he retired in 1989.    
After Frank retired he and June started volunteering at New Life Ministries at a food bank started by the church they were attending in Alvarado, TX.  Frank really enjoyed giving of his time to this ministry and he often talked about the children’s faces lighting up when he would pass out a treat to them.  Frank and June volunteered their time for about ten years to this ministry until he was injured in an accident at the Fort Worth Regional Food Bank.    
In 2012, due to Frank’s failing health, Frank and June went to live with their son, Ellis, in Blanchard, OK.  Frank spent the last six months of his life in the Blanchard Nursing Home where he died on December 31, 2014.    
He was preceded in death by his parents, Milton and Sarah Wright, three of his sisters, both his brothers, and his oldest daughter, Karon.    
He is survived by his wife, June, daughter Nancy Horton and husband Al of Grand Prairie, TX, son Ellis and wife Susan of Blanchard, son Kevin and wife Sherry of Fort Worth, TX, and one sister.    
He is also survived by six grandsons and two granddaughters, fifteen great-grandchildren and one great-great grandchild expected in July, several nieces, nephews, other relatives and friends.    
Frank loved his children and he loved the Lord.  As Christians, we know that he is in heaven now and his suffering is over and that one day we will join him there to live forever. 
			