Graveside services for Dorothy "Carolyn? Osborne will be 10:00 a.m., Thursday, June 17, 2010 at the Brookside Memorial Park in Houston with Rev. Bobby Ferguson of the Freewill Baptist Church officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Sam Houston Memorial Funeral Home in Montgomery, Texas.    Family visitation will be 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. Wednesday, June 16, at Sam Houston Memorial Funeral Home.  Local arrangements were under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Dorothy "Carolyn? Osborne, daughter of the late Julius Starr and Mary Hazel (Amos) Edwards, was born April 14, 1939, in Houston, Texas, and passed away June 12, 2010, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 71 years, 1 month and 29 days.  
Carolyn graduated from Reagan High School in Houston, Texas.  On March 20, 1971, she was united in marriage to Quinton Osborne at Houston.  They made their home in Houston before moving to Montgomery, Texas, where they lived for 20 years.  After his death, she moved to Alva to be near her daughter, Kathi Jenlink.  
Carolyn was a member of the Union Grove Baptist Church until her move to Alva in 2007.  She was always very supportive of her family by being an active member of PTA and serving as Girl Scout Leader and Sunday School teacher for many years.  She was an accomplished musician, playing the piano, organ, cello, and accordion.  She played in the Houston Youth Symphony and served as the church organist wherever she went to church.  Carolyn was also a talented seamstress, cake decorator, and florist.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by an infant son, Robert Sunday.  
Carolyn is survived by one son, Terry Sunday, of Conroe, Texas; three daughters, Kathi Jenlink and husband, Chris, of Alva, Oklahoma, Lanelle Capps of Conroe, Texas, and Sheila Hall and husband, J. R., of Shelby, Texas; one brother, Charles Edwards, and wife, Joyce, of Livingston, Texas; one sister, Joyce Stone and husband, Marvin, of LaCygne, Kansas.  
Also surviving are eight grandchildren, Brad Hall and wife, Hannah, of Mocksville, North Carolina, Ricky Hall and wife, Clarissa, of Shelby, North Carolina; Mary Beth Hall and fianc?, Trent Austin, of Shelby, North Carolina; Christopher Capps, Nicholas Capps, and Joshua Capps, all of Conroe, Texas, and Erin Jenlink and Christina Jenlink, both of Alva, Oklahoma; one great grandson, Brendon Hall of Raleigh, North Carolina; expecting her great granddaughter, Kayli Hall in August; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Alzheimer?s research. 
			