Funeral services for Thelma Beulah Johnson will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, February 12, 2007, at Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Dr. Greg Hook, pastor of First Baptist Church of Alva, officiating.  There will be a private family interment at the Mt. Zion Cemetery (Riverside) at a later time under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family at the funeral home Sunday, February 11, 2007, from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. 	 Thelma Beulah Johnson, daughter of the late Raymond Harrison and Bessie Lenora (Hon) Lieurance, was born March 4, 1917, at Driftwood, Oklahoma, and passed away February 9, 2007, at Beadles Nursing Home, at the age of 89 years, 11 months, and 5 days. 	 Thelma graduated from Driftwood High School. She was united in marriage to Doyle M. Johnson on July 16, 1938 at Cherokee, Oklahoma. To this union two children were born: Jane Ann and Gary Max.  Thelma was a homemaker and later worked for Pioneer Telephone in Kingfisher, Oklahoma for a number of years. 	 She was a member of the First Baptist Church of Alva and the Kingfisher Eastern Star.  Thelma made ceramics for years for her family and friends. She also enjoyed needlepoint, reading and working jigsaw puzzles. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her stepmother, Eunice Lieurance, two brothers, Earl and Dale Lieurance, a sister, Willella Lieurance, a step-brother, Jim Stacey, and a grandson, Monte Tucker. 	 Thelma is survived by her daughter, Jane Tucker, and her husband, Charles, of Alva, her son, Gary Johnson, and his wife, Nancy, of Magnolia, Texas; three sisters-in-law, Evelyn Lieurance of Chino, California, Betty Lieurance of Kiowa, Kansas, and Carolee Stacey of Burlington, Oklahoma. 	 Also surviving are four grandchildren, Tony Tucker, and his wife, Tonya, of Cherokee, Oklahoma, Darla Helms, and her husband, Roger, of Scottsdale, Arizona, Stephanie Orlando, and her husband, Paul, of Pearland, Texas, and Chris Johnson, and his wife, Angie, of Rockwall, Texas; nine great grandchildren;  other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Baptist Church or Mt. Zion Cemetery (Riverside) Perpetual Care Fund. 
			