Funeral services for Carol Ann Murry will be Saturday, July 30, 2011, at 11:00 a.m. at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Oklahoma Army National Guard Chaplain Jeremy Dunn officiating. Interment will be in the Star Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be visitation with friends and family both before and after the service at the Lutheran Church.   
Carol Ann Murry, daughter of Donald J. Terrill and Wilma Doris (Benson)  Terrill, was born on February 4, 1955, at Camp Stewart, Hinesville, Georgia, and passed away July 25, 2011, at her residence outside of Cyril, Oklahoma, at the age of 56 years, 5 months, and 21 days.   
Carol attended Alva Public Schools and was active with Western Belles and rodeo where she won numerous awards.  In 1970, Carol married and moved to Liberal, Kansas.  While in Kansas, Carol completed her GED and had two children, Dawn and Aaron.  After her first marriage, Carol was married to Wade Murry in Mesquite, Texas, on January 16, 1988.  While living in Texas, Carol earned an Associates Degree in Photography &amp; Multimedia.  The couple moved to Oklahoma City in 1991 and eventually relocated to a small acreage at Cyril, Oklahoma, in 2007.  
Carol was a member of the First Baptist Church in Alva, Oklahoma. She was active with the Oklahoma Army National Guard Family Readiness Group, holding many different positions over the years.  Carol had a multitude of interests that included various arts and crafts and doing genealogy. Her favorite activities were spending time with family and caring for her pets and animals.    
Carol is survived by her husband, Wade Murry of Cyril; her daughter,  Dawn Jones and husband, Mike, of Hennessey; her son, Aaron Province of Cyril; her mother, Wilma Terrill of Moore; her father, Jake Terrill of Alva; her brother, Rep. Randy Terrill and wife, Angela, of Moore.  Carol also leaves behind 4 granddaughters, 1 great granddaughter, her in-laws, Phillip and Sandra Murry of Alva; numerous nieces, nephews, other family and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Army National Guard Family Readiness Group. 
			