Funeral services for Marian Elizabeth "Betty? Faurot will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, April 25, 2009, at the Waynoka First United Methodist Church with Rev. David Shaw, pastor of the Waynoka First Baptist Church, officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Marian Elizabeth "Betty? Faurot, daughter of the late Franklin and Hannah Stevens, was born March 10, 1924, in Billings, Montana, and had her heavenly graduation on April 23, 2009, at Ashland Health Center at the age of 85 years, 1 month, and 13 days.  The casket will not be open at the church.  
Betty, as she was affectionately known to all, graduated from Billings High School and the Butte Business School in Montana.  She worked on a dude ranch in Wyoming while in high school and at Boeing Aircraft in Seattle, Washington during World War II where she met the love of her life.  On March 30, 1945, she was united in marriage to Gene Faurot in Sun Valley, Idaho.  They made their home in Waynoka, Oklahoma, until moving to Ashland, Kansas, in October, 1999.  She was a member of the United Methodist Church.  
Betty had rheumatic fever as a child which left permanent damage to her heart.  She had open heart surgery for the first time in 1957, another open heart surgery in 1976 when a pig?s valve was inserted, and her third open heart surgery in 1993 when a metal valve was inserted.  The physician at the time thought this would give her another 2 or 3 years of life.  She certainly fooled them and continued to confound the experts until her heart finally gave out during her final illness.  She was also a breast cancer survivor which is another testament to her inner strength and faith.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Gene, on December 4, 2000; two brothers, Herb and John Stevens; and one sister, Florence Ziebarth.  
Betty is survived by her son, Dick Faurot and wife, Connie, of Tulsa; her daughter, Carol Bouziden and husband, David, of Ashland, Kansas; Ward Cassidy of St. Francis, Kansas whom Gene and Betty considered as a son; two sisters, Harriet Klein and Maxine Burke, and one brother, Marvin Stevens; six grandchildren, Kevin Faurot of Tulsa; Rachelle Allinder and husband, Ashley Joseph, of Lorton, Virginia, Lance Walker and wife, Jamie, of McKinney, Texas, Kit Walker and wife, Melissa, of Ashland, Kansas, Rhett Bouziden and wife, Becky, of Ashland, Kansas, and Leslie Buchanan and husband, Randall, of Hays, Kansas; nine great grandchildren; other relatives and a host of friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Ashland Senior Citizen?s Center or the Ashland Health Center. 
			