Funeral services for Thelma Marjorie Whipple will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, March 19, 2007, at the Waynoka Church of God with Pastor John Brint officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  The casket will be closed at the church.  
Thelma Marjorie Whipple, the second of four children of the late Arthur Adelbert and Della Myrtle (Stone) Lyon, was born May 1, 1911, in the Territory of New Mexico, and passed away March 16, 2007, at the Waynoka Nursing Center in Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 95 years, 10 months, and 15 days.  
On August 11, 1934, she was united in marriage to Glenn Alfred Whipple in Waynoka.  To their union, a daughter, Sharon, was born.  They made their home in Wichita, Kansas until they moved back to Waynoka in the Rose Valley Community in 1946.  
Thelma was a creative woman.  Her home was always the gathering place for friends and family.  She had an artistic ability few knew about.  She loved her family, especially her grandchildren and great grandchildren, her church, where she enjoyed singing in the choir and most of all her God, with whom she had a personal and loving relationship.  
She lived a long and happy life full of love for her family who in return loved her for her sweet and giving nature.  She was our shining example of all that is good.  Now she walks with all that have gone before her, free from pain and suffering in the full glory of God?s promise to those who believe in Him.  
She was preceded in death by her parents, her husband, Glenn, two sisters, Juanita Greer and Hazel German; one brother, Thurman Lyon; and her son-in-law, Les Sims.  
To carry on her loving legacy, she is survived by her daughter, Sharon Sims; her granddaughter, Lesleigh Yonker and her husband, James, of Cumby, Texas; her grandson, Sgt. Damon Sims of Savannah, Georgia and his fianc?, Mayrian Eclavia of Korea; her great grandchildren, James and Justin Yonker and Jayson Eclavia Sims; several nieces and nephews; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Nursing Center or the Waynoka EMTs. 
			