Funeral services for Benton Francis Thomason will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, November 1, 2010, at the Alva First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) with Rev. Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Keith Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Benton Francis Thomason, son of the late Charles Benton and Margaret (Breen) Thomason, was born March 24, 1915, on the farm near Burlington and passed away October 27, 2010, at Perry, Oklahoma, at the age of 95 years, 7 months, and 3 days.  
Benton graduated from Burlington High School with the class of 1932.  In 1937, he graduated from Oklahoma A&amp;M with a degree in Animal Husbandry and was recognized as an Outstanding Graduate and entered into the Hall of Fame of Graduates of Animal Husbandry.  He was the Vo-ag teacher at Garber for 10 years.  He received a Silver Award from the National Vocational Agriculture Teachers and a Distinguished Service Award at Southern Regional Agriculture Education Conference.  He was very proud of the many accomplishments on a state and national level by his students and through their adult careers.  
On July 11, 1943, he was united in marriage to Marjorie Elizabeth "Betty? Dayton.  In 1955, he obtained a Masters Degree in Agriculture from Oklahoma A&amp;M.  They lived in Stillwater where he was Vocational Agriculture State Staff District Supervisor and a coordinator of the Young Farmer Program.  He had served as Superintendent of the National FFA Livestock Showmanship Contest, Livestock Superintendent of the Livestock Show, President and other officer positions of the Southern Regional Agriculture Conference.  During this time he maintained a Hereford cattle herd and was a farmer and rancher with his son, Bill.  They moved to Alva in 1973.  
He was a member of the First Christian Church in Alva where he served as Deacon.  He was also a member of the American and Oklahoma Hereford Associations, the American and Oklahoma Cattlemen?s Associations, the National Vocational Agriculture Supervisor?s Association.   He was also a member of Kiwanis Club and many other community organizations.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Betty; and three sisters, Marcella Schupbach, Thelma Cross, and Vera Collins.  
Benton is survived by two sons, Charles Thomason and wife, Janice, of North Zulch, Texas, Bill Thomason and wife, Nancy, of Perry, Oklahoma; one daughter, Nancy Giles and husband, Bob, of Monument, Colorado; and one sister Doris Armbruster of Burlington, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are 10 grandchildren, Chad Thomason and his wife, Laurie, of Conroe, Texas, Kristy Thomason of North Zulch, Texas, Brian Thomason and his wife, Kelly, of Owasso, Oklahoma, Scott Thomason of Seattle Washington, Kevin Thomason and wife, Angela, of Cherokee, Oklahoma, Kyle Thomason and wife, Kathy, of Clarksville, Tennessee, Rodney Warren Giles of Denver, Colorado, Jennifer Janeen Samson and her husband, Adrian, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, Rachel Joy Giles of Bellingham, Washington, and Thomas A. Giles of Monument; 7 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Christian Church or the Oklahoma FFA Foundation. 
			