
					
				Funeral services for Perry Verdon McOsker are will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, January 5, 2015, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Pastor Mike Taylor officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  	    
Perry Verdon McOsker, was born northwest of Alva on August 9, 1927, to Clinton McOsker and Fern (Cline) McOsker and passed away December 27, 2014, at the age of 87 years, 4 months and 18 days, while on vacation in Brazil.  He was the second of five sons born to this marriage.  Perry attended the Richview School through the eighth grade, then attended Alva High School where he graduated in the Class of 1944.  During school years he was president of McKeever 4-H Club, raised and showed registered Hereford Cattle, and showed the grand champion steer at the Northwest Oklahoma Livestock Show.  Perry was a member of the student council, basketball team, and football team in high school.  	    
After high school, Perry attended Oklahoma A&amp;M in Stillwater for two semesters, where he won the Freshman Livestock Judging Contest.  Perry enlisted in the United States Navy in 1945 and served on the USS Copahee during World War ll.  	    
After returning to the family farm, Perry married Carol Rosemary Hunter on August 7, 1954.  To the marriage two children, Marsha Beth and Jeffrey Dale, were born.  Perry was active in Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church, Alva First Christian Church and Alva First Baptist Church.  	    
During his adult years, Perry farmed and ranched family land northwest of Alva, did carpentry, and later was co-owner of Travel Trailers of Alva with Carol, his wife.  Perry was a member of the Woods County Hereford Association, serving as president.  He served on the East Woods County Soil Conversation Board for two terms.  He also served two terms on the Alva Board of Education, was president for one term.  	    
After retiring from the trailer business in 1992, Perry enjoyed hunting, fishing, and traveling with Carol, his wife of fifty years. Perry was widowed in January 2006 and continued to enjoy spending time with his family and attending sporting events.  	    
Perry was preceded in death by his older brother, Charles, both parents, a younger brother, Duane, and his wife, Carol.  	    
Perry is survived by his brother, Don of Ohio, brother Lennie of Texas; his children and their spouses, Marsha and Jerry Smith of Alva and Jeff and Charita McOsker of Alva; grandchildren and their spouses, Kelly and Lisa Parker, Brian and Darraigh Parker, Justin and Daniele McOsker of McKinney, Texas, Jennifer and Craig Schafer, Ethan and Melissa McOsker, Caitlyn McOsker, and Noah McOsker, all of Alva.   	    
He is also survived by his great grandchildren, Lauren and Kade, Cadence and Kord, Hudson and Hayden, Shelby, Clayse and Bane; other relatives and many friends.  	    
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Medical Center Foundation, Alva Education Foundation or Greenleaf Volunteer Fire Department.    
The service will be streamed online at http://citylinktv.com/channel/alva-marshall-funeral-home/. 
			