Funeral services for Sammy Rae McComb, 66, will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, December 9, 2006, at the First United Methodist Church with Pastor Terry Martindale and Reverend Bill Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Capron Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  Visitation with the family will be at the funeral home, Friday, December 8, from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.  
Sammy Rae McComb was born on February 19, 1940, to Herbert Max and Cleta Evelyn (Herrell) McComb and passed away December 6, 2006, surrounded by his family at his home in Alva at the age of 66 years, 9 months, and 17 days.  Sam fought a lengthy, courageous battle with cancer.   
Sam grew up in the community of Stafford, Kansas.  He was baptized in the Church of Christ.  He graduated from Stafford High School with the class of 1958.  He enlisted in the United States Army Reserve.  
After graduation Sam went to work for J. K. Fields Oil Field Construction, Pratt, Kansas.  He went to Arizona and became number one welder in the strip mines, later working for White Shield Company in West Virginia.  He came to Oklahoma, working in the oil field for Litzenberger Construction, Waynoka, Oklahoma.  After moving to Alva, Sam went to work for Woods County District #1 until his retirement on January 1, 2006.  
On August 9, 1959, Sam married Carol Sue Reneau in Hudson, Kansas.  To their marriage, three children were born; LyAnna Lynn, LaTana Sue and LoRita Rae.  On June 25, 2004, he married Lois Brown in Eureka Springs, Arkansas.  
Sam was preceded in death by his grandparents, his dad, Max McComb on July 29, 1995, granddaughter, Tabitha McComb-Crawford on December 15, 1988, and Dennis Kimery, on May 30,  2000.  
Survivors include his wife, Lois of the home, his mother, Cleta McComb of Stafford, Kansas; three daughters, LyAnna McComb of Greensburg, Kansas, LaTana McComb-Beaumont and her husband, Steve, of Great Bend, Kansas, LoRita McComb-Heinson and her husband, DeWayne, of Greensburg, Kansas.  
Also surviving are his extended family, Amie and Joe Turner, of Blanchard, Oklahoma, Debbie Van Hooser and Clifton Cornish of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.  He was a proud grandpa to Shawn, Justin, and Danny Lehman, Samantha and Shanda Beard,  Sheridan Beaumont, Talisha and Cassie Heinson, Michael and Trevor Kimery, and JoAnn  and Lisa Turner; two sisters, Nancy Girard and her husband, Ray, of Augusta, Kansas and Marlyn Stallings and her husband, James, of Alva, Oklahoma, one brother, Charles McComb of San Antonio, Texas and one sister-in-law, Sharon Ball of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, other relatives and many friends.  
Sam will be missed by many.  He was past president and secretary of Oklahoma Sooner Riders, past president of the Waynoka Saddle Club, Treasurer of Woods County Fair Board, Past Master of Alva Masonic Lodge #105.  His remembrances will be shared by aunts, uncles, nephews, nieces, cousins and friends.  
Memorials may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice. 
			