Funeral services for Betty Ann Durkee will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, March 4, 2009, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Betty Ann Durkee, daughter of the late Franklin Wayne and Emmie Mary May (Taylor) Cunningham, was born March 15, 1940, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away February 28, 2009, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 68 years, 11 months, and 13 days.  
Betty attended Waynoka School.  On December 18, 1957, she was united in marriage to George Allen Durkee at Alva.  She lived her entire life in the Waynoka area.  She worked at Bixler Auction Service and at Miller?s Cafe.  
She was an active member of the First Baptist Church, participating in W.O.L.F. and helping whenever she could.  She was also a member of the Red Hat Society and the Women?s Auxiliary of the Waynoka American Legion.  She also helped deliver Meals On Wheels.  Her kids, grandkids, and great grandkids were always a very important part of her life.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, George; two brothers, Lawrence Cunningham and Frankie Cunningham;  three sisters, Florine Cunningham, Leona Brown, and Cordelia Bradford; and one grandson, James Allen Durkee.  
Betty is survived by one son, Gregory Allen Durkee and wife, Audrey, of Waynoka; two daughters, Linda Sue Durkee of Waynoka, and Lisa Kay Selvey and husband, Jeff, of Waynoka; two brothers, Ivan Cunningham and wife, Janie, of Waynoka, and Allan Cunningham and wife, Barbara, of Carmen; and two sisters, Maxine Cell of Waynoka, and Dorine Bowker and husband, Chuck, of Beaver.  
Also surviving are nine grandchildren, Amy Bradford and husband, Michael, of Alva, Dustin Durkee of Granbury, Texas, Jeremy Durkee and wife, Kara, of Waynoka, Matthew Durkee and wife, Christy, of Woodward, Stephanie King and husband, Matt, of Shattuck, Daniel Nance and wife, Trina, of Vici, Kayla Hedges and husband, Jeromy, of Woodward, Tanner Selvey of Waynoka, and Shawn Selvey, of San Diego, California; 12 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made to the funeral home to help with funeral expenses. 
			