Graveside services for Ralph James Russell will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, November 25, 2014, at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with Rev. Clayton Conley officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
  Ralph James Russell was born to James W. and Amanda Jane (Littrell) Russell on November 6, 1914, in Chickasha, Oklahoma, and passed away November 21, 2014, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma.    
  Born in a log cabin, Ralph was the first son of eleven children.  As a youngster, he moved to a farm on the Cimarron south of Freedom, where his father worked as a circuit preacher and farmer.  Ralph often accompanied his father on horseback as he carried out his duties.    
   Ralph married Violet Fiscus, a teacher at West Liberty, a one-room school, and they moved into a box car for their first year of marriage.    In 1938, during the drought, they drove a Model A to Oregon, an eight-day trip, where he found employment in the lumber industry.  While in Oregon, they purchased land back in Oklahoma, moving back four years later.    
  Ralph worked as a machinist for the Santa Fe in Waynoka much of his career, but never gave up his love of the land.  He continued to raise cattle and farm throughout his life.  Stories abound among his many grandchildren about his skill at dominoes and harrowing rides they took rounding up cattle in his pickup.     
  He was a founding member of Morning Star Baptist Church and served as its song leader for over sixty years.    
He was preceded in death by his parents, eight siblings, his wife, Violet O. Fiscus, a daughter Gurley G. Fair, and a grandchild, Becky Sharp.      
  Ralph is survived by two sons, Sheldon N. Russell, and wife, Nancy, Timothy R. Russell and his wife, Joy, all of Waynoka; a sister, Bonnie Glasgow of Winfield, Kansas; a brother, Harley Russell of Tampa, Florida; four grandchildren, Jerri Dee Neal, Rick Allen Hefner, Shonda Russell, and Brandy Russell; thirteen great grand children and 15 great, great grandchildren.       
  His was a well-lived life, and he will be missed by all.     
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Convalescent Home Activity Fund.    
  Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			