Funeral services for Juanita Brewer will be 1:00 p. m. Tuesday, September, 28, 2010, at the Alva Friends Church.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Juanita Frieze was born on February 13, 1924, in Whittier, California, to Gordon Frieze and Iris (Todd) Frieze. She passed away September 24,2010, at the age 86 years, 7 months, and 11 days, at her home in rural Granby, Missouri.   
When Juanita was a child, she lived on a farm east of Capron that her grandfather Frieze homesteaded. She attended Watrus School during those years.  In the 1930?s, the farm sold and her parents moved to a farm 10 miles north of Freedom. She attended Houston Creek School until she was in 6th grade when her family moved back to Capron. After the Capron tornado, Juanita?s family moved to Alva where she graduated from high school in 1941.   
In March of 1946, Juanita was united in marriage to Charles (Lilburn) Manie Brewer. Together they raised four beloved sons, Dennis (Dick), Lilburn (Manie), Randall (Randy) Bradford, and Michael (Mike) Andrew. Juanita was also the stepmother of Charles (Chuck) Brewer and Benjamin (Benny) Brewer.  
Juanita was baptized at the age of 14 at the Capron Methodist Church and later moved her membership to the Alva Friends Church which became her home. She served as assistant treasurer for many years and was a member of the Ladies Missionary as well as having served on the Spiritual Life and Outreach Committees. Through the Alva Friends Church, Juanita discovered peace, love and understanding and an everlasting bond with her Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.  
Juanita was employed in Alva for many years and worked for a variety of businesses including McCellan?s, TG&amp;Y, Holder?s Drug, Gordon?s Caf?, Shalloup?s Packing Co, Alva Review Courier, and the Woods County Health Department from where she retired.  She lived in Woods County, Oklahoma, for most of her life and moved to Missouri in June of 2003, where she lived out her final days with her granddaughter, Tammy and husband Bub McDermott; great granddaughter, Ericka and husband Tim Boblett, and great-great grandson, Logan Scott Boblett for whom she adored.      
Those proceeding Juanita in death include her parents, her husband in 1983, and three sons, Randy, Benny, and Michael. All five brothers, Charles (Bud), Jack, Jim, Bill, and Berton Frieze; and three sisters, Joan Kassik, Fleta McMurphy, and Mary Hurley also proceeded Juanita in death.  
Survivors include three sons and their wives, Dick and Lynda Brewer of Midwest City, OK; Manie and Sandy Brewer of Arcadia, OK; and Chuck Brewer of Buna, TX; eighteen grandchildren, many great grandchildren and great-great grandchildren.  Additional survivors include very special friends, Lydia Brewer of Durant, OK and Deanna Jackson of Alva, OK.   
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral to the Alva Friends Church or the Alva Senior Citizen Center. 
			