Memorial services for Cecil Strange will be at 11:00 a.m. Friday, December 7, 2007, at the Alva Assembly of God Church with Mark Bagley and Paul Cole officiating.  A special service for his friends in Yukon will be at 11:00 a.m. Monday, December 10, 2007, at the Town and Country Christian Church in Yukon with Ken Isom and Roger Woodrome officiating.  Inurnment will be in the Berlin, Oklahoma Cemetery at 3:00 p.m. under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.   
Cecil B. Strange, son of the late Carel Buck and Tommie (Castleman) Strange, was born August 19, 1924, at Munday, Texas, and passed away November 17, 2007, at Yukon, Oklahoma, at the age of 83 years, 2 months, and 29 days.  
Cecil attended Claypool Schools in Waurika, Oklahoma.  He was united in marriage to Rosa Lee Roper on December 19, 1942.  At her death in 1992, they had been married for 49 years.  He served in the United States Army during World War II, stationed in The Phillippines and New Guinea and was honorably discharged in 1946.  Cecil worked for Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Company in Liberal, Kansas, and Seiling, Oklahoma, for 32 years, retiring in 1985.  
On July 6, 1995, Cecil was united in marriage to JoAnn (Morgan) Hale in the Elm Grove Assembly of God Church where he served as deacon.  He walked with the Lord for many years and was always a willing witness for Jesus.  Cecil loved working in his church in whatever way he was needed.  His life was a shining example of a Christian.  He put in a lot of hard labor helping to build the Elm Grove Assembly of God Church and moved his membership to the Alva Assembly of God Church when he and JoAnn moved to Alva.  They lived in Alva for several years before moving to Yukon.    
Besides his parents, Cecil was preceded in death by his first wife, Rosa, his stepmother, Ruth Strange, one son, Carel Arthur Strange, one daughter, Gloria McDonald, one granddaughter, Evelyn (Strange) Enoch; two brothers, Adrian Strange and Bobby Strange; and one step grandchild, Cory Cauthen.  
Cecil is survived by his wife, JoAnn, of Yukon, Oklahoma; one daughter, Rebecca Walls, and her husband, Rick, of Oklahoma City; five step daughters, Rita Hale Hamner and her husband, Terry, of Yukon, Oklahoma, Kathy Hale Johnson and her husband, Bill, of Prattville, Alabama, Susan Hale Cauthen and her husband, Allen, of Brandon, Mississippi, Carla Hale McKinzie and her husband, Bob, of Olive Branch, Mississippi, and Charla Hale Cole and her husband, Sgt. Major Bruce Cole, of Oceanside, California; two brothers, T. J. Strange and his wife, Winona of Comanche, Oklahoma and Bill Strange and his wife, Claudia, of Bonita, California; his mother-in-law, Luella Morgan, of Yukon; one sister-in-law, Pauline Strange of Choctaw, Oklahoma; six grandchildren, Michael Strange of Liberal, Kansas, Jessica (Smith) Sherrill and her husband, Jay, of Oklahoma City, Joey Strange and Anna Strange of Oklahoma City, Cathy Berryman and her husband, Keith, of Hutchison, Kansas and Dina Young of Springfield, Missouri.  
Also surviving are fourteen step grandchildren, Dusty Hamner, Bryan Friend of Oklahoma City, Michael Stambaugh and his wife, Kersten, of Clinton, Oklahoma, Devin Stambaugh of Sharon, Oklahoma, Kaleigh, Kaleb and Hayley Cheeks of Prattville, Alabama, Cole and Morgan Cauthen of Brandon, Mississippi, Logan, Campbell and Riley McKinzie of Olive Grove, Mississippi, and Jordan and Bailey Cole of Oceanside, California; six great-grandchildren; five step great-grandchildren, Sierra, Hunter and Shay Stambaugh, Stolynn and Brek Stambaugh; and one great-great grandchild, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Assembly of God Church. 
			