Funeral services for Jerry Devond Stewart will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, September 16, 2013, at the Carmen Christian Church with Rev. Kirk Board and Rev. Rachael Parrott officiating.  Interment will be in the Eagle Chief Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.    
Jerry Devond Stewart, son of the late Charles and Katie (Faulkenburg) Stewart, was born April 24, 1932, on the farm in Alfalfa County, Oklahoma, and passed away September 11, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 4 months, and 17 days.    
Jerry graduated from Carmen High School with the Class of 1951.  He then went into the United States Army and proudly served his country. He was stationed in Germany while in the service.  When he returned, he married Roberta Simon in 1957 and they had his only child Penny.  In 1966, he married Opal Lee Morstain.  Opal passed away in 1994. Then in 1996, Jerry married Margie (Callen) Doty. He lived all of his life on the farm in the Carmen area.    
Through hard work and the grace of God, Jerry accumulated several farms.  He made many lasting improvements to the lands he acquired.  He loved the land and was an excellent farmer and rancher, businessman, and steward of all of his lands.  He loved his family, home, neighbors, farms, and cattle.    
He was a member of the Carmen Christian Church and attended the Cleo Springs Methodist Church with his wife, Margie.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Opal, in 1994; his wife, Margie, in 2012; three brothers, Russell Stewart, Edward “Tuffy” Stewart, and Bill Stewart; and two sisters, Virginia Roy and Mary Ellen Karns.    
Jerry is survived by his daughter, Penny Gentry and husband, Robert, of Carmen; three stepsons, Chuck Morstain, David Shipp, and Monte Doty and wife, Bobbi; one step daughter, Darlene Graham and husband, James; two sisters, Betty Jo Weber of Carmen, and Barbara Moore and husband, Vearle, of Oakley, Kansas; six grandchildren; four great grandchildren; many loving nieces and nephews; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice. 
			