Graveside services for William Lee "Bill" Robinson will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, June 5, 2008, at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with Rev. John Brint, pastor of the Waynoka Church of God officiating. Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
William Lee "Bill" Robinson, son of the late George Elzy and Bessie Mae (Zook) Robinson, was born September 11, 1925, on the family farm near Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away June 1, 2008, at his home in Waynoka, at the age of 82 years, 8 months, and 21 days.  
Bill grew up in the Waynoka area and attended Waynoka Schools. He served in the United States Navy from January, 1944, until May, 1946. On September 18, 1958, he was united in marriage to Helen Maxine Cox. They lived in California for a time. They then moved to Alma, Missouri, where they owned and operated a hardware store. He also served as the Alma Chief of Police. In 1972 they returned to Waynoka where he worked at the E. P. Clapper Memorial Hospital, Woods County District #3, and Litzenberger Construction. He also had a small engine repair shop.  
He was a member of the Waynoka Church of God. He enjoyed making yard decorations.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Helen, one daughter, Joyce Ann Robinson, and one sister, Sarah McNally.  
Bill is survived by three sons, Ronnie Lee Robinson and his wife, Charlene, of Brownwood, Texas, Ricky Eugene Robinson of Topeka, Kansas, and Donnie Gaskill of Winfield, Kansas; four daughters, Nancy Lee Woodard of Waynoka, Roberta Mae Curtis of Annabella, Utah, Dolores Maxine Zook of Waynoka, and Kathryn Forcum of Red Bluff, California; eleven grandchildren, Ricky, Gerald, Helen, David, Will, Les, Glenda, Marilee, Valerie, Bryan, and Stacy; fifteen great grandchildren, Summer, Krystal, Helen, Angel, April, Christine, Stefan, Michael, Casey, Justin, Tyler, Lisa, Austin, Morgan, and Kayla Joy; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka EMTs. 
			