Funeral services for Juana Lee Pierce will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, February, 27, 2008 at the First Christian Church in Carmen with Dr. Ron Miller of the Bread of Life Fellowship Church officiating.  Interment will follow in the Eagle Chief Cemetery.  Arrangements are under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC in Carmen.  
Juana Lee Pierce daughter of the late Lee Lonnie and Lorene Eleanor (Barrows )Wilkinson was born July 5, 1935, at Cherokee Masonic Hospital in Cherokee, Oklahoma, and passed away February 25, 2008, at Deaconess Hospital in Oklahoma City at the age of 72 years, 7 months, and 20 days.  
Juana attended school at Lambert and Carmen, then graduated from high school in Alhambra, California, in 1954.  On January 26, 1963, she was united in marriage to Leon Pierce in Reno, Nevada.  She worked as an EMT in Carmen, she also worked at the Carmen Home, the Mini Mart and the Mini Mart Corporate Offices in Cherokee, at Boeing Aircraft in Wichita, and as a CMA in Kingfisher.  
Juana was a member of the Bread of Life Fellowship Church, the Carmen First Christian Church, and was past president of the American Legion Auxiliary in Carmen.  She enjoyed painting, sewing, and crocheting.  
Besides her parents she was preceded in death by her son, Lance Douglas Pierce in 1970.  
Juana is survived by one son, Dirk Pierce and his wife, Deann, of Panama City Beach, Florida; two daughters, Paula Hamand and her husband, George, of Big Lake, Alaska, and Rene A. Stewart and her husband, Terry, of Kingfisher; one brother, Jim Wilkinson and his wife, Betty, of Carmen; one sister, Lori Perryman of Carterville, Missouri; nine grandchildren; Grant, Niki and Desi Pierce of Panama City Beach, Florida, Brent Stout of Lambert, Oklahoma, Shay Stout of Big Lake, Alaska, Jessica Hamand of Big Lake, Alaska, Amber, T. J. and Bradley Stewart of Kingfisher, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are three great grandchildren; Alex, Dylan and Tyler.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the  Bread of Life Fellowship Church of Kingfisher. 
			