Funeral services for Alberta Mae Bissantz will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, October 12, 2013, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka,   LLC.    
Alberta Mae Nutter Bissantz (fondly known as Aunt Berta) was born to Albert and Abbie Nutter July 4, 1923, in Waynoka, Oklahoma, and was called to her Heavenly home on October 8, 2013, at the age of 90 years, 3 months, and 4 days.    
Alberta grew up on a farm northeast of Waynoka.  She was the oldest of eleven children.  She attended grade school at Rose Valley and graduated from Waynoka High School in 1941.    
She attended Los Angeles City College in the fall semester of 1941, but returned home following the attack on Pearl Harbor to see her brother, Alan, off as he joined the Air Force.  During the war, she worked as a production manager in a war plant making plane parts for Beech and Boeing in Wichita.    
Following the war, she and her brother, Pete, decided to go to college together at OSU.  He lasted two weeks and she stayed for two years.  She then returned home and finished her degree at NWOSU, later completing her Master’s Degree.    
Her first teaching job was from 1951-53 at Rose Valley where she had the opportunity to teach two of her siblings.  She then taught several years in Wichita before moving to Ulysses, Kansas where she taught for two years.  She then moved to Medicine Lodge, Kansas and remained there until her retirement in 1977.    
While in Medicine Lodge, she met William Louis Bissantz.  They were united in marriage on August 2, 1964, in Waynoka.  Upon her retirement in 1977, they returned to Oklahoma and made their home northeast of Waynoka.    
Though retired, Aunt Berta never really left teaching.  She was a devout believer in Christ and shared her extensive knowledge and faith as a Sunday School teacher and Bible Study leader for both children and adults.  In addition to being a wonderful teacher, she had abounding artistic talent.  She sewed, quilted, embroidered, painted and crafted.  She was an avid writer of beautiful poetry and memories.  And, she was an amazing cook.    
Alberta was preceded in death by her parents, Albert and Abbie, her husband, Louis; her sister, Frances Geary; and four brothers, Alan, Pete, Jim, and Ray Nutter.    
She is survived by four brothers, Aaron Nutter of Enid, Donald Nutter and wife, Lois, of Waynoka, Larry Nutter and wife, Jean, of Crescent, and Paul Nutter and wife, Becky, of Waynoka; her sister, Linda Strohmeyer and husband, Dan, of Waynoka; as well as numerous nieces and nephews; other relatives and friends    
There are no words to describe the number and magnitude of lives that have been touched by this amazing woman.  She is loved and will be missed by all.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First Baptist Church or the Share Convalescent Home Activity Fund. 
			