Funeral services for Gayles LaVaun Hill will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, April 27, 2015, at the Greenvalley Free Methodist Church with pastor Dave Keller officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
  Gayles LaVaun Hill, the only child of the late Jerry Lloyd and Hazel Celesta (Brown) Murray, was born March 3, 1926, in southern Woods County, and passed away April 24, 2015, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 89 years, 1 month, and 21 days.    
  She attended Highland School District #83 and graduated from the 8th grade at Horace Mann with the other rural county kids in May 1940.  She then graduated from Waynoka High School with the class of 1944.    
  Gayles met Boyd Hill through school activities and community socials.  Boyd gave Gayles an engagement ring in February, 1944 just before he left to go overseas during World War II.  After his return to the United States, they were married on September 20, 1945, in his parents’ home.  They lived in El Paso where he completed his service obligation.  After Boyd’s discharge in March 1946, they returned to Woods County.  They farmed and ranched in the area the rest of their lives.    
  Gayles and Boyd enjoyed camping every summer in Colorado or New Mexico.  They also went on trips to Canada, Alaska, Australia and New Zealand.    
  She was a member of the Greenvalley Free Methodist Church.  She joined the Extension Homemakers in November 1946 and was a continuous member of 65 years, serving as Secretary, Treasurer, and President in the 1970s.  She loved judging at the county fairs.  She worked in her voting precinct for over 40 years as a counter or clerk.    
  Besides her parents and her husband, Boyd, she was preceded in death by her daughter, Carol Hill; and her step mother, Opal Murray.    
  Gayles is survived by her son, Larry Hill and wife, Christina, of Carmen; two grandchildren, Savannah Bouziden and husband, Chase, of Carmen, and Weston Hill of Carmen; two great grandchildren, Bristol and Zarah Grace Bouziden; and two sisters-in-law, Lois Nutter and husband, Don, of Waynoka and Leola Haltom of Alva; other relatives and many friends.    
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Woods County Home and Community Education. 
			