Funeral services for Edna Schuessler will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, August 17, 2011, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Aaron Wagner officiating. Interment will be in the Zion Lutheran Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Edna Anna Marie Schuessler, daughter of the late Martin John and Emma Margaretta (Hacker) Rauh, was born August 14, 1914, and passed away August 14, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 97 years. 	 Edna attended Pleasant Valley school for six years before attending the Lutheran School in Alva for two years.   Edna was confirmed in the Lutheran Church at Alva in 1927.  On May 27, 1934, she was united in marriage to Walter Schuessler at her parents farm east of Alva.  They made their home three miles west of Cherokee until 1947 when they moved to Alva. In 1950, they purchased the farm where they lived west of Alva. Edna was a member of the Mary Martha Guild and the Lutheran Women?s Missionary League.  She also enjoyed quilting. 	 Besides her parents and her husband, Walter, she was preceded in death by her three brothers, Harry Rauh, Alfred Rauh, and Ernest Rauh. 	 Edna is survived by her daughter, Ruby Hughes and husband, Don, of Aline; her son, Harvey Schuessler and wife, Shirley, of Alva; five grandchildren, Re Jeana Wiebener and husband, Rick, of Alva, Jeanette Kremeier and husband, Paul, of Alva, Keith Schuessler and wife, Shari, of Hutchinson, Kansas, Brenda Hood and husband, Mike, of Alva, and Scott Schuessler and wife, Christa, of Stillwater. 	 Also surviving are 11 great grandchildren, Ryan Wiebener, Riley Wiebener, and Raeden Wiebener, all of Alva, Brandon Schuessler and wife, Lindsey, of Longview, Texas, Kevin Schuessler and Holly Schuessler, both of Hutchinson, Kansas, Davis Hood and Heather Hood, both of Alva, Karsten Schuessler, Eric Schuessler, and Tripp Schuessler, all of Stillwater; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Zion Lutheran Church. 
			