Funeral services for Ralph Charles Meier will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, February 13, 2010, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Ralph Charles Meier, youngest child of the late Chas and Ethel May (Weidner) Meier, was born April 23, 1927, at Guthrie, Oklahoma, and passed away February 9, 2010, at Share Medical Center in Alva at the age of 82 years, 9 months, and 17 days. 	 Ralph graduated from Prague High School and then attended Droughon Business College. He enlisted in the United States Navy in 1945 and served in World War II as a seaman first class. On June 23, 1953, he was united in marriage to Dorothy Chance at Woodward, Oklahoma. They lived in Sulphur and Woodward before moving to Alva in 1976. Ralph worked as a superintendent for O.G.&amp; E. for 38 years before retiring in 1987, never missing a day of work. 	 He was a member of the Woodward United Methodist Church, the Masonic Lodge, receiving his 50 year pin, the Woodward J.C.?s, and he was a lifetime member of the Alva Moose Lodge.  Ralph enjoyed OU football and racing cars and even built a race car of his own. He also was an inventor, creating tools to make the workplace easier. 	 Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by two brothers, Karl Meier and J. Von Meier; and two sisters, Juanita Meier and Ella Marie Meier. 	 Ralph is survived by his wife, Dorothy, of Alva; his son, Steven Meier and wife, Tammy, of Wichita Falls, Texas; his daughter, Amy Mayes and husband, Kenny, of Alva; two grandchildren, Christen Meier and wife, Kelsey, of Norman, Oklahoma, and Kaylie Mayes of Alva; a former daughter-in-law, Mary Meier; four step-grandchildren; and two great grandchildren, Emma Nicole Meier and Austin James Meier, both of Norman, Oklahoma; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for heart research. 
			