Funeral services for Earnest Virgil Weber will be 2: 00 p.m. Wednesday, May 12, 2010 at the First United Methodist Church in Carmen, Oklahoma, with Rev. Kirk Board, officiating. He will lay in state at Wentworth Mortuary, LLC, in Carmen, 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Tuesday and 9:00 a.m. to noon on Wednesday. Interment will be in the Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.  
Earnest Virgil Weber was born on August 11, 1921, in Carmen OK to Jacob and Nettie (Livingston) Weber.  He graduated from Carmen High School in 1940 and was drafted in September 1942.  He served in WWII until his Honorable Discharge in October 1945, having attained the rank of Sergeant. While in the service, he literally traveled around the world, leaving the United States on the west coast and returning on the east coast.    
After returning home from the war, he resumed farming in McWillie, OK.  On December 22, 1946, he married Lois Frey.  Together they had two sons, Tom and Tim.  Lois died shortly after Tim?s birth.  In 1955, Earnest moved to OKC and began working for John Deere as a Parts Manager. On January 24, 1958, he married Mary Coats.  Mary had one son, David.  In 1960, he took the civil service test and scored 103% and was hired at Tinker AFB the next week. While at Tinker, he worked his way up to an Inventory Logistics Specialist and retired in 1982 after a total of 25 years government service. During his career at Tinker, he had earned several awards and acknowledgements for his outstanding performance.    
After retiring, Earnest and Mary moved to an acreage in Choctaw, OK where he enjoyed gardening and raising livestock. Ernie was an avid Sooners fan! He loved watching all sports or listening to games on the radio. Gramps loved his grandchildren and great-grandchildren and enjoyed spending time with them and making them laugh.  Our lives were all deeply enriched by his presence and he will forever be missed.  
Besides his parents and his first wife, Lois, he was preceded in death by three sons, Virgil Weber, Tim Weber, and David Coats; and two grandchildren, Earnest Glenn Weber and Virginia Nettie Weber.  
Earnest is survived by his wife, Mary of the home; brother, Jack and his wife, Betty, of Carmen, OK; son, Tom and his wife, Kathy, of Ogden, UT; daughter-in-law, Ruth Weber of Indianapolis, IN; grandchildren, Heather Butler of Choctaw, OK; Wesley Coats and wife, Alana, of Choctaw, OK; Mike Weber and wife, Kara, of Indianapolis, IN; Leah Payne and husband, Jeremy, of Harrah, OK; and Roger Johnson and wife, Daisy, of Moore, OK;  seven great-grandchildren; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the After 55 Club. 
			