Funeral services for Claudia Lucille Irons will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, October 30, 2008, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook and Reverend William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  
Claudia Lucille Irons, daughter of the late Wilson Vaske and Clara Marie (Dahlke) Farrell, was born September 2, 1919, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away October 26, 2008, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 89 years, 1 months, and 24 days.  
Lucille graduated from Alva High School with the class of 1937.  She then attended Northwestern Oklahoma State College and graduated in 1941.  On July 24, 1941, she was united in marriage to Perry Irons at Alva where they made their home.  
She was a member of the First Baptist Church and Sigma Kappa Sorority.  Lucille and Perry were also members of Alva Golf and Country Club for many years.  She opened Lyn?s Dress Shop in 1961 and ran the store until the birth of her first granddaughter in 1971.  She also enjoyed crocheting, playing bridge and golfing.  
Besides her parents, Lucille was preceded in death by two brothers, Kenneth Farrell and Eddie Farrell, and a sister, Merrilou Hesser.  
Lucille is survived by her husband, Perry, of Alva; a daughter, Judy Lyn Lyon and her husband, David, of Alva and a son, J.D. Irons of Enid, Oklahoma; six grandchildren, Michael Irons of Enid, Amy Crawford and her husband, Brooks, of Mooreland, Michelle Porter and her husband, Clifford, of Enid, Cris Meyer and his wife, Brooke, of Alva, Tiffany Siders and her husband, Eli, of Enid, and Shawn Tennyson and his wife, Desiree, of Enid.  
Also surviving are ten great grandchildren, David and Adreana Irons, of Enid, Billy Buller of Enid, Randy Porter of Enid, Keiton, Kaleigh, and Kole Crawford of Mooreland, Kaitlyn and Kenadie Meyer of Alva, Ethan Siders of Enid, and Mattie Tennyson of Enid; sisters-in-law, Berniece Farrell of Modesto, California and Margaret Irons of Dodge City, Kansas; several step grandchildren and step great grandchildren; many nieces and nephews, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Baptist Children?s Home. 
			