Graveside services for Max Floyd Bixler will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, May 14, 2015, at the Memorial Hill Cemetery.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
  Max Floyd Bixler, the second born son of Lester Glenn and Flossie Ellen (Floyd) Bixler, was born July 20, 1924, on the family farm just north of Waynoka, and passed away May 10, 2015, at the age of 90 years, 9 months, and 20 days.    
  Max attended the Rose Valley School through the eighth grade and graduated from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1942.  He then attended Oklahoma A&amp;M on a Sears and Roebuck Scholarship until he was drafted for World War II in July, 1943, ending up serving in the Army Air Corps.    
  After he received his honorable discharge in March, 1946, that summer he went to auction school and returned to Oklahoma A&amp;M.  Max came home the spring of 1947 to help on the family farm and worked a few sales.    
  Max spent some time in New Mexico learning the auction business, then returned to Oklahoma where he was united in marriage to Pauline Fischer on September 5, 1948.  To this union two daughters, Debra and Beth, were born.  They moved northwest of Oklahoma City when Max was offered a job at the R.D. Cravens Hereford Ranch.  In 1950 he came back to Waynoka, helped on the family ranch and took a job as Refrigeration Department Inspector at the Waynoka Ice Plant while working to get his auction business up and running.    
  By the mid 1950's, Max was fully vested in the auction business and opened an office in downtown Waynoka.  Max has sold in 13 states and Switzerland and in the prime years of Bixler Land and Sales, he averaged about 50 sales per year.  In 1969, Max and Lavonua Ada Decker were married in Waynoka, forming a lasting and successful union.    
  Max was a member of the First Christian Church and attended the Waynoka First Baptist Church.  He was also a member of Waynoka Lodge #422.  He was a people person and loved playing dominoes at the Senior Center.  He never met a stranger and once folks met him they didn’t forget him.  Max raised many great quarter horses.  He loved Hereford Cattle and his auctioneer chant was second to none.  He was a great horseman, businessman and story teller.    
  Besides his parents, he was preceded by his brother, Rex Bixler and one grandson, Michael Downing.    
  Max is survived by his wife, Lavonua, of Waynoka; three daughters, Debra Redgate and husband, Max, of Waynoka, Beth Bixler of Wichita, Kansas, and Cindy Zook Seaman and husband, Bill, of Waynoka; one son, Robert Zook of Waynoka; six grandchildren, Dana Church and husband, Kyle, of Sentinel, Amy Vernon and husband, C.C. of York, Nebraska, Chancey Hanson and husband, John, of Waynoka; Kori Allison and husband, Jeremy of Waynoka, Bart Seaman and wife, Lindsay of Waynoka, and Leah Bradford and husband, Matt, of Waynoka; 13 great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.    
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Waynoka Masonic Lodge #422. 
			