Graveside memorial services for William J. (Bill) Barkley will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, September 24, 2011, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  
William J. (Bill) Barkley, 90, died peacefully on September 1, 2011. Bill was born on April 2, 1921 on a farm « mile west of Capron, Oklahoma, to Lucy and Guy Barkley.  Bill grew up in Alva, Oklahoma, with his siblings J.D. (Red) and Gwen.  He was a member of the 1939 graduating class of Alva High School and loved to attend his high school reunions.  During WWII, Bill served in the Army National Guard, 45th Division Thunderbirds and in the US Navy. He was stationed on the USS South Dakota and the USS Nelson and he fought in the battle of Guadalcanal.   
Bill was a member of Sumpter Lodge 419 F. &amp; A.M., a 32nd degree Mason, Scottish Rite. In the late 1960?s, Bill bought a lot on Lake Hamilton, Hot Springs, Arkansas.  He and his wife Dorothy, built their beloved home there and spent many years enjoying the serenity, boating, water skiing and fishing with his family and friends. For the last eight years, Bill resided at University Village in Tulsa, Oklahoma.  
Bill is survived by his son and daughter-in-law, Jeff and Colleen Barkley of Colorado Springs; his daughter and son-in-law Claudia and Forrest Underwood of Tulsa, OK; his daughter and son-in law Kitty Barkley and Rob Lipscomb of Santa Fe, NM; four grandchildren,  John Moss and his wife Michelle of Tulsa, OK; Philip Barkley and his wife Donna of Tulsa, OK , Chantel Hodges of Colorado Springs, CO, and Robert Blowers of Denver ,CO; ten great-grandchildren: Jordan, Jarred and Jayden Moss; Austin and Baylee Louvar;  Ben and Jack Barkley; Ty and Kaley Hodges; and Autumn Blowers; nieces, nephews and many true friends.   
Bill will be remembered as a gentleman, sweet and fun-loving with a contagious smile -- who would do anything for family or friends.  He will be greatly missed!  Bill asked that memorials be made to your favorite charity.  
A note from Bill to his family and friends:  "When you?re feeling low and nothing seems right, reach out to me and I?ll be there. When you are feeling on top of the world and need a friend to laugh with you let me share your joy and when you just need a little love and understanding to get you through the day just call me ? I?ll be waiting.? 
			