Funeral services for Paul Eugene Chelf will be 11:00 a.m. Thursday, November 21, 2013, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka.    
Paul Eugene Chelf, son of the late Alonzo Thomas and Ora Armilda (Rhodes) Chelf, was born March 30, 1923, at Canadian, Texas, and passed away November 18, 2013, at Woodward, Oklahoma, at the age of 90 years, 7 months, and 18 days.    
Gene graduated from Waynoka High School in 1942. He served in the United States Marine Corps from June 1943 through October 1945 during World War II.  He served in the Pacific area, including action at Vella La Vella, Choiseul Island, and Iwo Jima where he was injured.  He also participated in the Occupation of Japan and the Consolidation of the Solomon Islands.  On May 20, 1944, he was united in marriage to Leatrice Joy Haltom in San Diego, California.     
After his tour of duty, he worked for the Ice Plant at Waynoka, loading box cars with ice. Later he worked for Amerada Petroleum Company until 1972. During those years they lived in 18 states throughout the central part of the United States. Gene was chief driller for the company. In 1972, they moved to Alva and he began working for Robert R. Brown building houses. Missing the oil field, he went to work for Ed Hodgden until his retirement.    
Gene was a member of the First Baptist Church, the Elks Lodge for over 45 years, the Moose Lodge, and the Alva Lake Club. He enjoyed spending time with his kids, grandchildren, great grandchildren, family, and friends. He liked to fish and hunt, make things for his wife’s hobbies and crafts, and enjoyed playing all kinds of card games.    
Besides his parents, Gene is preceded in death by two sisters, Georgie Smith and Alice Baumann; and a brother, Earl Chelf.    
Gene is survived by his wife, Lea, of Woodward; two children, Estel “Shookie” Chelf and Lea Ann Venosdel and husband, Mike, all of Woodward;  four grandchildren, Chad Chelf and wife Keri, of Oklahoma City, Cassie Venosdel of Woodward, Cody Chelf of Oklahoma City, and Chenel Venosdel of Woodward; four great grandchildren, Abbi Chelf, Matthew Venosdel, Malea Venosdel, and Easton Chelf; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Woodward County E. M. S. 
			