Funeral services for Gilbert Gum will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, June 23, 2012, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Gilbert Gum, son of the late Leonard Glen and Lillie (Fisher) Gum, was born July 27, 1937, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away June 19, 2012, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 74 years, 10 months, and 22 days.  
Gilbert attended the Avard and Rose Valley Schools before graduating from Waynoka High School.  On June 6, 1958, he was united in marriage to Mildred Wilcox.  He worked as a farmer/rancher and a Waynoka Police officer before working as a custodian and bus driver for the Waynoka Schools.  
On May 25, 1984, he was united in marriage to Ruby Lairson.  They moved to Enid in July of 2011 when Gilbert had his heart surgery.  
He was a member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church.  He enjoyed carving and building furniture, but his favorite time was fishing with his grandchildren.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother, Arthur Glen Gum; and one sister, Louise Quinn.  
Gilbert is survived by his wife, Ruby, of Enid; one son, Gary Gum and wife, Kristi, of Coffeyville, Kansas; one daughter, Debbie Heffel and husband, Terry, of Okeene; one step son, Mitch Willsie and wife, Jackie, of Exeter, Rhode Island; two step daughters, Lavonna Lee of Woodbridge, Virginia, and Maurine Heath and husband, David of Weatherford, Oklahoma; and one sister, Ruby Ann Cummings, of Alva.  
Also surviving are four grandchildren, Garret Gum and wife, Whitney, of Guthrie, Slade Gum of Alva, Kristen Heffel  and Tanner Heffel, both of Okeene; ten step grandchildren, Brandon Willsie of Exeter, Rhode Island, Tracy Hagemoser of Rhode Island, Jeremy Lee and wife of Oklahoma City, Justin Lee and wife, of Bluffton, South Carolina, Zach and Zane Heath, both of Weatherford, Oklahoma, Holly Lamb and husband, Mark, of Stillwater; and Rachael, Erin, and Julie Wilson, of Shawnee; several great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First Baptist Church or the charity of your choice. 
			