Funeral services for Loren Korell will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, September 5, 2013, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Pastor Terry Martindale officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family at the funeral home from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. Wednesday.    
Loren Korell, son of the late Henry and Marie (Koehler) Korell, was born October 17, 1920, on the farm east of Alva, and passed away September 2, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 92 years, 10 months, and 15 days.    
Loren attended Elm Dale School, graduated from Horace Mann High School, and attended Northwestern.  He moved to Wichita to attend an aeronautical school, then began work at Boeing.  On February 28, 1941, he was united in marriage to Jeane Hannon in Wichita.  He served in the 70th Infantry in the United States Army during World War II, fighting in France and Germany.     After the war, he returned to work at Boeing in Wichita as an air frame supervisor for 35 years.  While in Wichita he worked very hard with the Southwest Boys Club, a 1200 member boys baseball organization.  There is still a baseball field in Wichita which is named “Loren Korell Field.”    
After his mother died in 1976, he moved to Alva to help his father on the farm.  His wife, Jeane, passed away in 1979 and on October 15, 1983, he was united in marriage to Dorothy Marie (Scripsick) Kongs in Alva.  He farmed and ranched in the Alva area while his health allowed, and was proud to be still on the tractor at age 86.    
He was a member of the Alva First United Methodist Church.  He was also very active in Alva Senior Citizens where he served as President over 20 years.  He was also very active in the Boy Scouts of America, and enjoyed hunting and fishing.    
Besides his parents, Loren was preceded in death by his wife, Jeane; his wife, Dorothy; and one son, Steven Korell.    
Loren is survived by his son, Loren Korell and wife, Linda, of Denver, Colorado; four grandchildren, Matt Korell and wife, Sarah, of Taiwan, Kristy Washam and husband, Chris, of Denver, Steven Korell and wife, Tiffany, of Ft. Worth, and Anita Goodrich and husband, Jonas of Ft. Worth; seven great grandchildren, Avery, Patience, Lora, Trinity, Elijah, Abigail, Isaiah, and Elizabeth; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to a farming/ranching project in Mushayamunda Christian Development Foundation in Mushayamunda Village, Zimbabwe, Africa. 
			