Mass of Christian Burial for Amy June Arebalo will be 11:00 a.m. Tuesday, October 11, 2011, at Sacred Heart Church with Father James Wickersham serving as the Celebrant.  Interment will be in the Catholic Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Amy June Arebalo, daughter of the late Jacob and Lena (Rivers) Terrill, was born June 20, 1921, near Farry, Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away October 8, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 90 years, 3 months, and 18 days.  
June attended Farry Schools.  On October 28, 1939, she was united in marriage to Fred "Shorty? Arebalo at Nash, Oklahoma.  They lived in Wellington, Kansas, and Amarillo, Texas, before returning to Alva in 1978 when he retired from the railroad.    
June was a member of the Sacred Heart Church.  She was a very artistic person and particularly enjoyed painting and crocheting.  She loved spending time with her family and really enjoyed cooking, especially pies and cinnamon rolls.  She also liked to work in her yard and tend her flowers.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Shorty; two brothers, and four sisters.  
June is survived by her son, Mike Arebalo and wife, Nancy, of Georgetown, Texas; two daughters, Anita Dettle and husband, Richard, of Carrier, and Brenda Hannaford and husband, Steve, of Alva; one brother, Jake Terrill and wife, Bertha, of Alva; two sisters, Donna Lockhart and husband, Bud, of Amarillo, and Gerry Benson and husband, James, of Clearwater.  
Also surviving are nine grandchildren, Stacy Arebalo and wife, Lisa, of Tehachapi, California, Jason Arebalo and wife, Sandra, of San Rafael, California, Dane Fricker and wife, Beth, of Lancaster, California, Susan Lenaway and husband, Bill, of Fallbrook, California, Traci Lundy and husband, Gary, of Oklahoma City, Tari Intardonato and husband, Joe, of Keller, Texas, Mark Dettle of Palm Springs, California, Kecia Smith and husband, Andrew, of Los Lunas, New Mexico; and Chris Hannaford and wife, Tracy, of Mustang; 14 great grandchildren; two great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Sacred Heart Good Samaritan Fund or the NWOSU Foundation. 
			