Funeral services for LaDonna Mae Weigand will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, February, 12, 2008, at Marshall Funeral Home Chapel in Alva with Dr. Greg Hook officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  
LaDonna Weigand, daughter of the late Paul Allen and Edith Florence (Eckels) Bratcher, was born August 15, 1938, at Alva and passed away February 8, 2008, at Share Medical Center in Alva at the age of 69 years, 5 months, and 24 days.  
She attended Alva High School and later went to Seward County Community College.  LaDonna was a Certified Nurses Aide and a Certified Medication Aide and worked in several rest homes and with home health.  
LaDonna was united in marriage to Carl Warren Weigand on December 11, 1952, at Perryton, Texas.  To this union three children were born: Michael, Marsha, and Michelle.  They made their home in Colorado and Kansas before returning to Alva in 1985.  LaDonna was a member of the First Baptist Church and enjoyed reading and doing needlework.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her mother-in-law and father-in-law, Helen and Carl Weigand.  
LaDonna is survived by her husband, Carl; her children, Michael Weigand and his wife, Colleen, of Ft. Collins, Colorado, Marsha Trammel and her husband, Joe, of Tahlequah, Oklahoma, and Michelle Nelson and her husband, Kip, of Enid, Oklahoma; her brother, Bob Bratcher and his wife, Julia, of Summerville, Tennessee; her sisters, Wanda Richardson and her husband, Kenneth, of Pratt, Kansas, and Pat Smith and her husband, Larry, of Alva.  
Also surviving are eight grandchildren, Jennifer Jones and her husband, Robert, Tyler Trammel, Brandon Trammel and his wife, Errin, all of Tahlequah, Jonathan Weigand of Seattle, Washington, Christina Davis and her husband, Ray, of Orlando, Florida, Rebecca Wohlers and her husband, Chad, of Ft. Collins, Colorado, Carly Nelson and Colby Nelson, both of Enid; three great grandchildren, Raegan and Bailey Jones and Tate Trammel, all of Tahlequah; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for diabetes. 
			