Funeral services for Max Lee Faulkner will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, March 19, 2014, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Rev. Harold Henson, Rev. Ron Olson, and Rev. John Smith officiating. Interment will be at the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.&nbsp; There will be a visitation with the family Tuesday evening from 6:30 to 8:00 at the funeral home.  Max Lee Faulkner, son of the late Calvin Greear Faulkner and Irene Daphne (Anderson) Faulkner, was born October 24, 1935, at the Anderson Ranch northwest of Alva, in Woods County, and passed away at Share Hospital at the age of 78 years, 4 months, and 22 days.  Max attended Greenleaf School, graduated from Alva High School with the Class of 1953, then attended Miltonvale Wesleyan College. On May 2, 1959, he was united in marriage to his childhood sweetheart, Barbara June Hada, at Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church, northwest of Alva. He lived all of his life in the Alva area where he farmed and ranched. He was an early advocate of no-till farming. He also was a member of Redneck Construction Company and worked on the Woods County road crew for several years. Max and Barbara moved from the farm to Alva in 2005. He loved his grandchildren and loved to talk about them.  Max was an active member of the Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church, where he served on the church board and building committee. He also served on the ASCS Board of Directors. He was active in starting Rural Water District #3 and operated the system for several years.  He enjoyed playing dominoes, surfing the web and reading about a widerange of topics. Max and Barbara loved traveling and were able to go on a Bahama cruise with the entire family last summer. A true people person, he loved visiting with anyone and everyone, whenever and wherever he could.  Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one son, Rex Faulkner; and his stepfather, Arnold Hada.  Max is survived by his wife, Barbara, of Alva; two daughters, Dixie Meyer and husband, Bruce, of Alva, and Roxie Kirk and husband, Terry, of Morris; daughter-in-law, Janelle Faulkner of Enid; his grandchildren, Kristy Meyer of Yukon, Austin Meyer of Oklahoma City, and Justin and Mitchell Meyer, both of Alva, Lindsay Fleming and husband, Mark, of Edmond; Mason and Josh Faulkner, both of Enid, Rebekah and Silas Martin, both of Norman, and Eli Martin of Morris; his step-grandchildren, Lauren Kirk of Stillwater, and Brett Kirk of Tahlequah; beloved nieces and nephews, five brothers-in-law and their wives, as well as numerous other relatives and many friends.  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the University of Arkansas for cancer research.  Max accepted Christ as his Savior when he was in his early twenties and served Christ in a practical way. His walk with God deepened in his last years and especially in the last months when he said his future was in God’s hands.  &nbsp; 
			