Funeral services for Wayde Lyon will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, May 6, 2013, at the First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook officiating. Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Wayde Herold Lyon, son of the late Elmer Belvin and Lottie Eunice (Steward) Lyon, was born July 20, 1919, at his grandparents house west of Alva, and passed away May 2, 2013, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 93 years, 9 months, and 12 days.    
Wayde attended school at Mount Vernon country school. On August 22, 1938, he was united in marriage to Erma Lee Law in Alva. They made their home in Alva and he farmed and ranched in the Alva area all his life.  He was also the owner of Wayde Lyon Texaco Service Station for many years.    
He was member of the First Baptist Church where he was baptized on April 15, 1945. Wayde enjoyed antique tractors and equipment and he also enjoyed fishing.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Erma Lee; two grandsons, Jeff Lohmann and Kelly Castillo; a son-in-law, Bob Rust; his brothers and sisters, Roy and Leonard Lyon, Frances Brown, Helen Christensen, and Fay Vincent.    
Wayde is survived by his daughters, Velma Jo Lohmann of Edmond, Kathy Rust of Yukon, and Sondra Castillo and husband, Bill, of Enid, Robert Lohmann of Enid, six grandchildren, Joy Smith and husband, Larry, of Enid, Jill Westfahl and husband, Al, of Lahoma, Mike Rust and wife, Vicki, of Oklahoma City, Cari Smith of Yukon, Curt Castillo and wife, Suzi, of Enid, and Keith Wayde Castillo and wife, Mandy, of Edmond.    
Also surviving are fourteen great grandchildren, Cody Westfahl and wife, Meredith, Miranda DeCook and husband, Brian, Casie Vos and husband, Andrew, Cory Smith, Kylie Castillo, Christian Smith, Katie Castillo, Landry Castillo, Kelsey Castillo, Kallie Castillo, Drake Smith and wife, Liz, Dylan Smith and wife, Stacie, Drew Smith and wife, Chelsea, and Derek Smith and wife, Angela; twelve great great grandchildren, Cooper and Charlee Westfahl, Lawson DeCook, Ruger Wayde Vos, Colton and Hayden Johnson, Slade, Emery, Macyn, Daltan, Christina, and Alexa Smith; and other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Baptist Church.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			