Funeral services for Iris LaVaughn “Tootsie” Carson will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, October 30, 2014, at the First United Methodist Church of Waynoka with Rev. Barbara Fyffe officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
  Tootsie Lakey Carson, daughter of the late Ivan and Jeneva “Munn” Lakey, was born November 5, 1931, near Carmen, Alfalfa County, Oklahoma, and passed away October 27, 2014, at Mooreland, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years, 11 months and 27 days.  	    
Tootsie move to Waynoka in 1937 where she began the first grade in Waynoka Public School.  Tootsie, along with her friends, Joyce &amp; Jeannie Ellis, Pat Fuson, Lorna Pearl Harmon, Hannah  &amp; Richard Funk, and Frank Curtis, kept things hopping at the corner of Elm and Church Streets. About the time Wayne Carson began high school in 1946, Tootsie started whistling at him from a distance, causing him so much  distress  he would  drop his books.  The chase was on, with the country boy meeting his match with the tomboy from town.  	    
The couple started dating and married on February 16, 1950 during Tootsie's senior year in high school. She graduated from Waynoka High School with the class of 1950 and rented several little houses in Waynoka before Wayne joined the Navy.  During their time in the Navy, the couple moved to Norman, Oklahoma, Memphis, TN, Alamida, CO, and finally winding up at San Diego, CA.  While stationed in San Diego, CA, they were  blessed with a son Charles Allen in August of 1953.  	    
After serving four years in the Navy, the couple returned home to Waynoka in 1955. In May of 1957 the couple were  blessed with their second son, Mark Lynn.  In 1960 Wayne begin selling insurance that eventually became the Carson Insurance Agency were Tootsie worked as secretary for many years.   	    
In 1967 the couple purchased the J&amp;J Variety Store from Joe and Jean Stanka and changed the name to the Carson Variety Store.  They continued to work hard raising their two sons, remodeling their home and enjoying the community where they lived.   In 1973 the couple sold the Carson Variety Store  turning their focus back to the Carson Insurance Agency.    	    
Together with family friends Rex and Sandie Olson the couple formed a gas and oil service company in 1985. The names of  Sandie and Toots were combined, calling their corporation Santo Resources.  The couple sold insurance agency in 1990 and the company was renamed Frontier Insurance Company.    Over the next several years the families continued to grow their oil and gas company.  Santo, Resources was sold in 1998 and the couple retired to their home.  	    
Throughout the years she played an active part in the community by supporting her husbands numerous civic activities, social activities, and hobbies.   Tootsie is a member of:  First United Methodist Church; Past Worthy Advisor for the International Order of the Rainbow for Girls; Waynoka Alumni Association, and Skyline Bridge Club. She loved working in her flower beds and attending to the wild birds in her back yard.  In recent years playing bingo at the Mooreland Heritage Manor Nursing Home.  	    
Tootsie is survived by her two sons, Chuck Carson and wife, Debbie, of Nash, and Mark Carson and wife, Karen, of Waynoka; one brother-in-law, Kenneth Carson, of Clovis, New Mexico; Five grandchildren Traci Kenyon and her husband Tony, of Marlow, Chris Carson and his fiancé Danielle Page of Waynoka and Casey Carson and his fiancé Taylor Myers, of Nash, Logan Carson and his wife Angela of Waynoka, Laura Valerius and her husband Bud of Blackwell.   	    
Great grandchildren  Brycen Gunsaulis,  Jack &amp; Ayvan Kenyon, Breya and Brylee Carson, Paige Carson, Nathan &amp; Gavin Connor, and Kason &amp; Kendyl Valerius.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka United Methodist Church or Waynoka Historical Society. 
			