Private interment for AnnaBelle Shafer will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, July 13, 2013, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery with Pastor Judye Pistole officiating.  The casket will be open at Marshall Funeral Home until 1:00 p.m. Saturday, July 13,2013.  	  A memorial service will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, July 20, 2013, at the Alva First Presbyterian Church with Pastor Judye Pistole and Chuck Lightfoot officiating.  Arrangements are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
AnnaBelle Shafer, daughter of the late Charles and Mary Elizabeth (Settle) Ewing, was born December 12, 1907, at Camden Point, Missouri, and passed away July 10, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 105 years, 6 months, and 28 days.    
After AnnaBelle attended a rural school in Lipscomb County, Texas, and graduated from Shattuck High School, she attended Draughn’s Business School in Oklahoma City.  During this time she met Carl Anton Shafer and they were married on July 22, 1927, at Guthrie, Oklahoma.  She worked at Rosenfield Jewelry in Oklahoma City for several years.    
In 1935, they moved to Alva where she worked at John Tyree’s Grocery Store and Treece’s Hardware Store.  In 1941, AnnaBelle and Carl started Shafer’s Radio and Television which they operated together for 40 years.  In 1971, they incorporated and gave the stock to employees who had been with them a long time.    
AnnaBelle was very civic minded, as evidenced by the many awards she has received, including the Lifetime Achievement Award presented by the Alva Area Chamber of Commerce and Woman of the Year presented by the American Association of University Women.  Her dedication to the community has earned her several nicknames, including Alva’s Resident Mover and Shaker and the Queen of Alva.    
She was an active member of the Alva First Presbyterian Church where she served as Elder and on many committees.  She also belonged to Business and Professional Women, Chapter C PEO, Order of Eastern Star, Sigma Phi Gamma, and Alva Area Chamber of Commerce where she served as president.  She served on the NWOSU advisory committee for several years, the Bill Johnson Correctional Center Advisory Committee, the board of the Alva Senior Citizen’s Center, and as a founding board member of Northwest Family Services.    
One of her favorite quotes was, “We still have 24 hours to do with as we please, it’s up to us to use that time wisely.”    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Carl; one brother, Evertt Ewing; and a grandson, Dickie Dean Shafer.    
AnnaBelle is survived by two sons, Carl Ewing Shafer and wife, Peggy, of College Station, Texas, and David Alan Shafer and wife, Karen, of Edmond; four grandchildren, Scott Shafer and wife, Debra, of College Station, Todd Shafer and wife, Jenny, of Pearsall, Texas, Dirk Shafer of Los Angeles, California, and Deidra Shafer Kistler and husband, Brandon, of Norman; four great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.    
	In lieu of flowers, the family requests memorial contributions be made through the funeral home to the NWOSU Foundation for the Shafer Family Scholarship Fund. 
			