Funeral services for Dan Gale Spencer will be 9:30 a.m. Saturday, July 9, 2011, at the Union Valley Bible Church in Hutchinson, Kansas.  Interment will be in the Capron Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Dan Gale Spencer was born to Guy and Lila Vee Spencer on February 20, 1940, in Hutchinson, Kansas.   Growing up in the ?40s and ?50s he enjoyed playing baseball and being part of the car club.  Shortly after high school he met and married a spunky gal, Kaye Ann Dorrell, originally from Wichita, Kansas.  They were parents to three children, Jeffrey, Troy and Jennifer.  He was employed by Cessna Aircraft and worked many overtime shifts in order to acquire their first home.    
Dan and family moved to Iowa in 1974 to pursue a management position with Jameson Corporation.  They settled in Mount Vernon, Iowa, where they lived for seven years.  Following his dream to build homes, Dan resigned from Jameson and started his own custom home business in 1977.  Due to a downturn in the economy, the family moved to Texas in 1982 where they ultimately settled in San Antonio.  Dan built numerous custom homes over a period of 25 years.   Retired from home building, Dan helped his son, Jeff, build and manage several car wash businesses in San Antonio.    
Dan was well-liked by all who knew him.  His gentle, quiet spirit was accompanied with a perpetual smile.  While rarely raising his voice, he commanded the respect of all.  For more than fifty years he was an avid golfer.  He also enjoyed maintaining a lovely old home and garden with his wife.   
He loved his wife beyond measure and they celebrated their 50th anniversary one month before her passing in 2009.  Surrounded by his family, he left this earth to join his wife and meet his Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, on June 30, 2011.  
He is also survived by daughters-in-law, Kathy Spencer and Jo Spencer; and son-in-law, Dominic Toriggino.  In addition, he has seven grandchildren: Elizabeth, Alexandra, and William Spencer; Jaeklynn and Bailey Spencer; and Sidney and Nicholas Toriggino. 
			