Funeral Services for Marian Laubhan will be 10:30 a.m. Monday December 7, 2009, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel  with Rev. Terry Martindale  officiating.  Interment will be in Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Marian Alice Laubhan, daughter of the late Charles Marion and Druey Lillian (Williams) Hawkins, was born January 28, 1922, in Ohio County, Kentucky, and passed away December 4, 2009, in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 87 years, 10 months, and 6 days.  
After high school graduation at Hardesty, Oklahoma, she received her Bachelor?s Degree from Panhandle State College.  She was married to Thurman Laubhan on September 16, 1945.  She taught at an Indian Reservation in New Mexico for a few years before moving to Amarillo, Texas.  She received her Master?s Degree from West Texas State University in 1972.  She taught at Horace Mann Junior High and Palo Duro High School until her retirement in 1985.  She moved to Alva, Oklahoma, in 2006.  
She enjoyed helping other people in any way she could.  She was a dedicated volunteer for  Meals on Wheels and prepared income tax returns at H &amp; R Block.  She loved her family and always looked for ways to help them.  She especially liked buying gifts for everyone on special occasions.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded by all of her siblings, including three brothers, Robert Hawkins, Wayne Hawkins, and Charles Eddy Hawkins; and two sisters, Shirley McDonald and Martha Jones, and a special niece, Misty McDonald.  
Marian is survived by her sister-in-law, Kathy Blackstock of Clyde, Texas; her special friend Bill Banks of Buena Vista, Arkansas; and eleven nieces and nephews, Drue Washburn, Deborah St. Clair, ArVel White, Susan Thompson, Charles Hawkins, Richard Hawkins, Linda Sanders, Dianne Thompson, Rusty McDonald, April Fritz, and John Jones; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice, Creature Concerns, or charity of choice. 
			