Funeral services for Kevin Lee Kraft will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, November 1, 2014, at the Hopeton Wesleyan Church with Pastor Marion Hadsell officiating.  Interment will be in the Keith Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Kevin Lee Kraft, son of Robert and Frances (Burleson) Kraft, was born November 5, 1953, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away October 27, 2014, at Houston, Texas, at the age of 60 years, 11 months, and 22 days.    
Kevin graduated from Burlington High School and attended college for two years.  On July 1, 1994, he was united in marriage to Lori (Embree) Clark at Enid, Oklahoma.  They made their home on the farm southwest of Burlington where they farmed and ranched.  They also owned and operated the Vintage House in Burlington.  They moved to Alva in 2010.  Kevin was a member of the Hopeton Wesleyan Church.    
How do you sum up the life of a legend?  He was a cowboy at heart who was loved by many.  Kevin loved many things in life, music, playing guitar, singing, golfing, watching western movies, feeding cattle, farming, and creating new ways to tweak a recipe to make it better.  He will be known for the most amazing steaks and making the best homemade ice cream in the world.    
More importantly, he enjoyed spending time drinking coffee and enjoying the simple things in life.  He always saw the best in everyone and in everything.  He would tell us, “This is not goodbye.”  But he will be waiting to see us all soon.  He is one of a kind that can never be replaced.    
Kevin is survived by his wife, Lori, of Alva; three sons, Kaleb Kraft and wife, Nicole, of Burlington, Justin Clark of Alva, and Colten Kraft of Alva; three daughters, Katie Love and husband, Kyle, of Laverne, Brittany Rupp and husband, Kyle, of Stillwater, and Kenzie Kraft of Alva; his parents, Robert and Frances Kraft of Burlington; one brother, Kurt Kraft and wife, Amy, of Oklahoma City; two sisters, Vickie Morgan and husband, Terry, of Burlington, and Marsha Lunsford and husband, Dale, of Longview, Texas; three grandchildren, Taten, Kasey, and Koby Rupp; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Kraft Love Fund.    
Kevin's service will be live streamed over the internet starting at 1:55 p.m. at the following link: http://citylinktv.com/channel/alva-marshall-funeral-home/      (you may have to copy and past the link into your browser) 
			