Funeral services for Winona Helen Puffinbarger will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, November 8, 2012, at the Cherokee Friends Church with the Reverend Dave Emery officiating.  Interment will be in the Byron-Amorita Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family at the Cherokee Friends Church Wednesday from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.  
Winona Helen Puffinbarger, daughter of the late Thomas and Bessie Iva (Hart) Nelson, was born September 9, 1932, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away November 5, 2012, at her home north of Cherokee at the age of 80 years, 1 month, and 26 days.  
Winona attended Winchester Grade School, Alva High School, and graduated from Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  She taught school until she had her children.  On June 5, 1956, she was united in marriage to Lynn Douglas Puffinbarger at Alva, Oklahoma.  They lived in Kansas for a short time before moving to Alfalfa County.  
She was a member of the Cherokee Friends Church for 55 years, Quaker Maids, and served as Treasurer of Northern Friends Area Rally.  She was also a member of the Farmerettes, Alfalfa County OHCE, and served as a 4-H leader for many years.  She enjoyed her church, sewing, quilting, cooking, and flowers, but her favorite time was spent taking care of her children, grandchildren and great grandchildren. She hand pieced a quilt for each of her children and grandchildren and enjoyed their visits, too.  One of her precious joys was cooking and baking with her granddaughters and great granddaughter.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one brother, Johnny Nelson; and one great granddaughter, Presley Puffinbarger.  
Winona is survived by her husband, Lynn, of Cherokee; one son, Tommy Puffinbarger and wife, Angela, of Burlington; two daughters, Loretta Doak and husband, Randy, of Okeene, and Lynetta Cressler and husband, Ross, of Hoxie, Kansas; and two brothers, Forrest Nelson and wife, Joan, of Alva, and Duane Nelson and wife, Jeanette, of Alva.  
Also surviving are four grandchildren, Cody Puffinbarger and wife, Kayla, of Cherokee, Joni Inskeep, and husband, Eric, of Woodward, Heather Holt of Bethany, and Tiffany Holt of Alva; five great grandchildren, Payton Ream, Ashlyn Puffinbarger, Tripton Puffinbarger, Bentley Cook and Braydyn Holt; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cherokee Friends Church. 
			