Funeral services for Sandra Farley will be 10:00 a.m. Friday, November 23, 2012, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Short Springs Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Sandra Farley, daughter of the late George W. and Lena Belle (Bratton) Richardson, was born August 18, 1939, at Clyde, Texas, and passed away November 17, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 73 years, 3 months, and 9 days.  
Sandra attended school at Short Springs, Longfellow, and Horace Mann before graduating from high school in Clyde, Texas.  She was united in marriage to Grant Farley.  During their thirteen years of marriage three daughters, Markangela, Karin, and Sherrie, were born.  She worked many years as a Nurse?s Aide, and also worked as a waitress and as a sales clerk in several of the local convenience stores.  
She was a member of the First Baptist Church and the Moose Lodge where she served as an officer in Women of the Moose.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one brother, Drew Rutledge; and one sister, Sue Slay.  
Sandra is survived by her companion, Johnny Meyer, of Alva; three daughters, Markangela Kinnett of Stillwater, Karin Hodgson and husband, Terry, of Alva, and Sherrie McCurry and husband, David, of Kempner, Texas; two step sons, Ronnie Meyer and wife, Raelyn, of Wichita and Rique Meyer and partner, April, of Ringwood; one step daughter, Lynda Meyer and husband, Dan, of Laverne; and one brother Wallace Richardson of California.  
Also surviving are 12 grandchildren, Leslie Nugent of Stillwater, Fallon Fritz and husband, David, of Livermore, California, Mandy Kinnett of Alva, Stormee Gaither and husband, Chance, of Waukomis, Taylor McCurry and wife, Brandy, of Ft. Rucker, Alabama, Tannor McCurry of Kempner, Texas, Calin Meyer of Wichita, Jessica Meyer of Wichita, Kylee Crocker of Shattuck, Kayle Crocker of Scottsdale, Arizona, Jaxon Meyer of Ringwood, and Xander Meyer of Ringwood; 6 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Creature Concerns. 
			