Funeral services for Faye Elaine Trekell will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, June 12, 2013, at the Alva Friends Church with Pastor Mark McDonald officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Faye Elaine Trekell, daughter of the late Ted and Faye (Sheddy) White, was born January 20, 1933, on the farm northwest of Alva, and passed away June 7, 2013, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 80 years, 4 months, and 17 days.    
Elaine was raised by Faye and Kalman Hada.  She attended Winchester and Little rural school and graduated from Alva High School with the Class of 1951.  On February 1, 1951, she was united in marriage to Robert William Trekell and enjoyed 59 years with him until his death on January 9, 2011.    
She was a member of the Alva Friends Church.  She was also  a member of  Rebekah Lodge #43 and the Town and Country Home Extension.  She was a judge at many of the county fairs and worked with the County Election Board.  She enjoyed music, sewing, cooking, working in the flower and vegetable gardens, fishing, traveling and anything that had to do with her family.  She won many ribbons for her sewing, baking and canning at the Woods County Fair.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Robert; two sons, Robert, Jr. and Kenneth Lee; one brother, Kalman Hada, Jr.; one sister, Julia Mae Hada; and one great grandchild, Charlie Kelly.    
Elaine is survived by two daughters; La Vonna Faye Gribble of Alva, and Judy Marie Kirby and husband, Ron, of Lawton; five grandchildren, Misty Elaine Hoover and husband, Jay, of Alva, David Michael Gribble and wife, Michelle, of Alva, Kary Lynn Bell and husband, Allen, of Flagler, Colorado, Kenneth Lee of Alva, and Kristi Faye Kelly and husband, Adam, of Alva; ten great grandchildren, Bobbie Faye, Casey Robert, and Jeremiah Caleb Hoover, Marc Antony, Mathew Xavier, and Jaxon Ray Gribble, James and Jayna Bell, and Warren and Emelia Kelly; two special granddaughters, Traci Maul and Tina Shepperd; one sister, Esther Lavon Irion of Buffalo; and two brothers-in-law, Harvey Trekell and wife, Glenda, of Wichita, and Allen Trekell and wife, Paula, of Casa Grande, Arizona; other friends and relatives.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Heart Association or the Alva Friends Church. 
			