Funeral services for Jean Gourley will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, November 7, 2011, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Eva Jean Gourley daughter of the late Cornelius James and Rebecca Enola (Nordyke) Harrington, was born January 5, 1930, on a farm southwest of Alva, Oklahoma, and passed from this life to her Heavenly Home November 1, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 9 months, and 26 days.  
Jean attended Manila Rural School, Horace Mann Elementary, and Alva High School.  In 1946, she married Jesse Shafer.  To this union four children, Jess Terence, Randall Gene, Cheryl Jeannette and Ronald Ray were born.    
In 1948 she began work for Southwestern Bell Telephone Company as an operator and later as a supervisor, where she continued until Alva went dial and the office closed on June 16, 1963.  In November, 1964, she joined Riggs Advertising and Supply Company, serving as bookkeeper, office manager, and sales representative.  On July 21, 1954, she and Ray Gourley were married in Woodward.  
Jean was baptized as a member of Alva First Baptist Church on September 9, 1979, by Pastor Jere Mitchell.  She was also a member of Nescatunga Humanities Council, Inc., the Red Hat Society, and was a lifetime member of Epsilon Sigma Alpha.  She and Ray dearly loved their children, grandchildren and great grandchildren and enjoyed attending their many activities.    
They owned and operated a pipeline construction company for several years.  They also greatly enjoyed hunting, horse racing and trips to Branson for country music shows.  Jean?s special interests were collecting rocks and raising plants and flowers.  
Besides her parents, Jean was preceded in death by her husband, Ray, on December 17, 2003; her son, Jess Terence "Terry? Shafer; two brothers, Irvin Leo and James Wesley Harrington; and two sisters, Maxine Rader and Hazel Dowling.  
Jean is survived by her son, Randall Gene Shafer and wife, Judy, of Pond Creek, Oklahoma, her daughter, Cheryl Jeannette Murrow and husband, Franklin, of Alva, her son, Ronald Ray Shafer and wife, Josie, of Cherokee; five grandchildren, Tina Renee Baker of Enid, Dr. Brian Ray Shafer and wife, Traci, of El Reno, Cherie Elise Hurst and husband, Jim of Alva, Brandon Jay Shafer and wife, Cindy of Thessaloniki, Greece, and Chenae Jean Felton and husband, Sam, of Alva; twelve great grandchildren, Caleb and Blake Baker of Alva, Rachel, Abigail, Anna, Adin Ray, and Elijah Shafer, all of El Reno, Corban Ray and Eliana Shafer of Thessaloniki, Greece, and Nolan, Alaina, and Abigail Hurst of Alva; a sister-in-law, Marjory Harrington of Wichita, Kansas; a brother-in-law, Joe Rader of Hardtner, Kansas; several nieces, nephews, other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Baptist Church. 
			