Memorial services will be 3:00 p.m., Monday, September 10, 2007 at the Alva Wesleyan Church with Pastor John Smith, Pastor Ron Olson and Pastor Harold Henson officiating,  Services are  under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  Ron was cremated at his request.  
Ronald Lee Bush&amp;s journey in life began at Alva General Hospital on October 2, 1943.  After a very courageous battle with stomach cancer, Ron???s journey ended at Mercy Health Center in Oklahoma City on September 6, 2007.  He now begins a new life with his heavenly Father.  
Ron, the son of Mary Lou (May) and Crozier Bush, lived most of his years on the farm in the red hills northwest of Alva, Oklahoma.  The old adage, "You can take the boy out of the country, but not the country out of the boy," fit Ron to a ?T.&amp; Ron had a great appreciation and love for the land which he exercised by the care he took of the range and farm ground.  He enjoyed taking care of his cattle and using the mules he raised on the twice-a-year cattle drive made with family and friends.  A small rodeo event might occur on those cattle drives that brought back memories of the days when he rode bulls and broncos at rodeos.  
Many tales could be told of the elementary years in the small country school (Little School) situated near Yellowstone Creek.  He graduated from the eighth grade from Greenleaf School.  Education took a huge leap in character for the country boy when he began attending the old Alva High School.  He graduated from the new Alva High School in May 1961.  
After high school, Ron attended Northwestern State College for two and a half years.  Following his marriage to Laverne Creech of Kiowa, Kansas, on August 22, 1964, they moved to Okmulgee, Oklahoma, where Ron graduated at the top of his class a year and a half later with a degree in Diesel Mechanics.  
Ron worked at Foley Tractor Company in Wichita, Kansas, for a year before moving to Seattle, Washington, for a few months.  But those red hills were calling.  They returned to Alva where he worked for Devery Implement Company and Willis Kramp Feedyard before he began farming and ranching.  In addition to the farm work, Ron hauled and baled hay, harvested milo with his uncle Vernon, and then discovered that he really enjoyed construction work.  
Ron built standpipe foundations all across the states of Oklahoma and Texas.  His work took him to Kansas, Missouri, Arkansas and New Mexico.  Wherever he went, he made friends and gained the respect of many an engineer and tank company official.  
Ron attended Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church.  He, his parents and sister were all baptized at the same time when Ron was about 11 years old.  When Ron attended the First Methodist Church in Alva, he served on the board and was a Sunday School teacher. Ron served on the board of directors for  the Woods County Rural Water District #3.  He enjoyed being a firefighter with the Greenleaf Rural Fire Department.  
After his diagnosis of cancer, Ron focused on goals he had set for himself and because of his tenacity, he achieved most of them.  He spent time with his children and precious little granddaughter, traveled with his wife, and rode his motorcycle.  
Ron was preceded in death by his parents.  He is survived by his wife, Laverne, his daughter, Stacey Ramming and her finance, Jason Potts, of Owensboro, Kentucky; his son, Aaron and his love, Keri Lui, of Honolulu, Hawaii; his granddaughter, Hope Ramming; his sister, Judy Little and her husband, Warren, of Alva, Oklahoma; his nieces, LeeAnn Little, Brenda and Chris Wilson, Caleb and Sutton, and Jullie and Bob Totino, Rob, Kelsey and Shelby; his aunt, Margaret Taylor, of Wichita, Kansas; his uncle, Duane Bush, of Isabel, Kansas, his aunt, Eva Bird, of Alva, Oklahoma, his mother-in-law, Elaine Creech, of Auburn Kansas, his brothers-in-law, Kevon and Denise Creech and their children, Ryan and Tyler of Auburn, Kansas and Larry and Linda Creech and their children, Casey and Christina of Adams, Tennessee; many cousins, other relatives and friends who laughed with him and his quick-witted responses. 	  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home in Ron&amp;s memory to Share Medical Center Foundation. 
			