Funeral services for Don Richard Hayes will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, August 22, 2007, at the First Baptist Church with Reverend Aaron Nutter officiating.  Interment will be in the  Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka.  The casket will remain closed at the church.  
Don Richard Hayes, son of the late Ivan B. and Pearl (Ashcraft) Hayes, was born November 24, 1934, in Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away August 19, 2007, at his home northwest of Waynoka, at the age of 72 years, 8 months and 25 days.  
Don grew up in the Waynoka area and graduated from Waynoka High School.  He then attended college at Connors A&amp;M and Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  On July 23, 1956, he was united in marriage to Nadine Olson.  Don worked as a conductor for the Santa Fe Railroad for 42 years until he retired in 1994.  After his retirement he enjoyed ranching and raising cattle.  
Don was a member of the First Baptist Church, the Waynoka American Legion, and the United Transportation Union.  Don enjoyed football, baseball, archery, and golf.  
Besides his parents, Don was preceded in death by 3 brothers, Wilbert, Ivan and Bob Hayes; and 2 sisters, Geraldine Hayes and Billie Ruth Spencer.  
Don is survived by his wife, Nadine, of Waynoka; two sons, Troy Hayes and his wife, Susan, of Amarillo, Texas, Tobey Hayes and his wife, Jodi, of Austin, Texas; two daughters, Shrese Tanner and her husband, Doug, of Amarillo, Texas, and Shawn Litke and her husband, Lonnie, of Salina, Oklahoma; one brother, Darrel Hayes and his wife, Linda, of Pauls Valley, Oklahoma; one sister Kristi Lowe and her husband, George, of Rosamond, California.  
Also surviving are 12 grandchildren, Sarah Hayes of Sterling, Virginia, Amy  Pennington and her husband, Justin, of Amarillo, Amy Long and Amber Saunders, both of Austin, Texas, Matthew Hayes, Bryan Hayes, Collin Tanner, and Lauren Tanner, all of Amarillo, Texas; and Hailee Litke, Ashley Litke, Logan Litke, and Emily Litke, all of Salina, Oklahoma; one great grandson, Chance Saunders; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Nursing Center, the Waynoka EMT&amp;s, or Share Hospice. 
			