Funeral services for Lula Lee McGuire will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, May 19, 2011, at the Alva Friends Church with Pastor Mark McDonald officiating. Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.   
Lula Lee McGuire, daughter of the late William James and Katherine Jo (Johnston) Rea, was born May 5, 1919, in Capron, Oklahoma, and passed away May 11, 2011, at Eufaula, Oklahoma, at the age of 92 years and 6 days.   
Lula graduated from Capron High School with the Class of 1936 and attended Northwestern State Teachers College. On February 10, 1938, she was united in marriage to Francis Ray McGuire at Alva, Oklahoma. She worked as a receptionist in a Doctor?s office for 12 years, then served as Deputy City Clerk for the City of Alva. She retired in 1989 after 25 years of service for the City.   
She was a member of the Alva Friends Church, BPW, and VFW Ladies Auxiliary. She enjoyed gardening and knitting.   
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Ray; six siblings, Mamie Glaze, Gertrude Cushenbery, Dora Shelite, John Rea, Minnie Harrington, and Thomas Rea.   
Lula is survived by two children, James McGuire and wife, Carol, of Shawnee, and Jean Ann Cowgill and husband, Darrell, of Eufaula; one sister, Kathryn Snyder of Wichita, Kansas, one brother Bill Rea of Hutchinson, Kansas; five grandchildren, Koleen Paschal and husband, Mike, of Oklahoma City, Shawn McGuire and wife, Enid, of Chandler, Jenny and Ryan McGuire, both of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Justin Walters and wife, Cassandra of San Antonio, Texas; 6 great grandchildren; Tabitha Gordon of Oklahoma City, Terrah Johnson of Broken Arrow, Kirsten Paschal of Oklahoma City, Shelbi Rea McGuire of Moore, Asher and Adin Walters both of San Antonio; two great-great grandchildren; Mikaylee Rea Rogers of Broken Arrow and Caden Gordon of Oklahoma City; and other relatives and friends.   
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Alva Friends Church. 
			