
					
				Funeral services for Gayle Richard O’Bleness will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, December 5, 2012, at the Alva First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) with Pastor Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Gayle Richard O’Bleness, son of the late John Richard and Sarah Ernestine (Ferguson) O’Bleness, was born November 27, 1941, in Dodge City, Kansas, and passed away November 30, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 71 years and 3 days.    
Gayle attended school in Meade, Kansas for a short time before graduating from Ingalls High School.  He served in the United States Army.  On March 16, 1963, he was united in marriage to Glenda Woods at Cimarron, Kansas.  He worked as a trucker in Cimarron before moving to Alva in 1969.  While in Alva he owned and operated a livestock hauling truck line.  In September, 1978, he was employed at Mark Ream Motors until his failing health forced him to retire.    
As a youth, he was a member of the Confederated Church at Ingalls, Kansas, and after moving to Alva became a member of the First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).  He was very active and enjoyed bowling, woodworking, fishing, boating, skiing, go cart riding and riding the sand dunes at the Little Sahara State Park.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his stepfather, Carl Miller.    
Gayle is survived by his wife, Glenda, of Alva; one daughter, Shawnna Berryman and husband, Mike, of Oklahoma City; one son, Kelly O’Bleness and wife, Darla, of Alva; seven siblings, Marleen Kidder and husband, Albert, of Plains, Kansas, Jim O’Bleness and wife, Marcia, of Copeland, Kansas, John O’Bleness of Wayne, Michigan, Nora Sauer and husband, Dwight, of Sterling, Kansas, Dan Miller and wife, Kathy, of Cimarron, Kansas, Carla Unruh and husband, Bob, of Cimarron, Kansas, and Arlen Miller of Cimarron, Kansas.    
Also surviving are nine grandchildren, Jenni Weidman and husband, Ryan, of Oklahoma City, Carleigh, Ruby, Jackson, and Peter Berryman, all of Oklahoma City, and Koby and Kye O’Bleness both of Edmond, Wyatt, and Izabella O’Bleness, both of Alva; one great grandchild, Carter Weidman; numerous nieces and nephews; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			