Celebration of Life Services for Buddy Lee Pettit will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, May 9, 2014, at Bob Baker’s hangar at the Alva Regional Airport. The family prefers that you wear casual attire for Buddy’s celebration. Private family interment will be at a later time under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  Buddy Lee Pettit, was born November 18, 1944, to Vinson Pershing and Mary Lois (Short) Pettit, at Alva General Hospital in Alva, Oklahoma. He left his earthly home May 1, 2014, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, due to complications from a brief heart illness, at the age of 69 years, 5 months, and 13 days.  Buddy attended school in Alva until his senior year when he moved to Arizona to help his mother. He graduated from Mesa High School in 1963. He came back to Alva to propose to his junior high sweetheart, Judy Ann Manning. On October 22, 1964 they eloped and then on October 24, 1964, they were married in the First Christian Church by the pastor, Charles Lindberg. From this union, they were blessed with two beautiful daughters, Tanya Gay and Vanessa Ilene.  In 1966, Buddy and Judy opened Pettit’s House of Carpet which he owned and operated until the time of his passing. He was a widely respected business man in the community and surrounding area. He was an honest man of his word and his success is attributed to his vision, his passion and his character. During his career, he provided floor covering to 2 generations of NW Oklahoma and Southern Kansas.  Buddy was a dedicated family man. He was a great example to his children and grandchildren of what a father should be. He always had a smile to give or a story to tell. He loved playing practical jokes and was forever looking for a new opportunity to set one in motion. He enjoyed his "Breakfast Club," his Sunday morning airport church and talking antiques with his mentors, Lee and Mary Haley.  Buddy was a member of the Alva Jaycees, the Elks Lodge, the Moose Lodge, Northwest Aero, the Oklahoma, Kansas and National Cushman Clubs, the National Rifle Association, the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, and had served as Treasurer of Northwest Pilots Association. He also enjoyed flying, trap shooting, bowling, golf, hunting, fishing and going to antique auctions.  Buddy was one of those rare individuals that not many people get a chance to meet in their lifetime. Those who have been fortunate enough to cross his path and call him friend, have found their lives enriched and enlightened by his gentle spirit and loving soul. This is the legacy he leaves and the example he has set for us to follow.  Buddy is survived by his wife, Judy, of Alva; two daughters, Vanessa Pettit Brewer and "son," Eric Brewer, of Alva, and Tanya Sinibaldi, two grandchildren, Colton Lee and Maci Christiana Sinibaldi; two great grandchildren, Brantley Allen and Gabriella Rene Sinibaldi, all of Santa Fe, Texas; one sister, MarVin Pettit Corbin; two nieces, Dixi Corbin Craft and husband, Tracy, and Dustee Corbin Grimsley and husband, Jason, all of Panama City Beach, Florida; one brother-in-law Terry Dan Manning of Costa Rico; two nephews Dieter Manning and his wife Becky, and Eric Manning and his wife Molly all of Tulsa, Oklahoma; many relatives and countless friends.  In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the NWOSU Foundation for a Buddy Pettit Scholarship.  Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com.  &nbsp; 
			