Funeral services for Dwight Clifford Little will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, March 24, 2007, at the Alva Wesleyan Church with Rev. Harold Henson and Rev. Ron Olson officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Dwight Clifford Little, son of the late Oren Hinman and Leona Inez (Merklin) Little, was born July 12, 1915, on the Little Ranch in northwest Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away March 19, 2007, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 91 years, 8 months, and 7 days.  
Dwight attended the Little Grade School.  Since Dwight???s family lived 30 miles northwest of town, he ran to school, stayed during the week, and ran home after school was out on Friday.  He graduated from Northwest Normal School and received some college credit while in highschool.  He was active in Future Farmers of Oklahoma before there was a Future Farmers of America.  He groomed, showed, and judged livestock during and after highschool.  
On August 10, 1937, he was united in marriage to Estella Mae Hada at Woodward, Oklahoma.  They lived their life on the farm northwest of Alva where they farmed and ranched.  They were early and good stewards of the land.  During World War II, he broke horses for the United States Army. He drove a school bus for Alva Public Schools for 27 years.  
In 1930, he helped organize and was a charter member of the Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church.  Over the years, he taught Sunday School to both youth and adults.  He loved to tell stories and tinker with antique automobiles.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Estella Mae on June 23, 2000; one son, Stanley Little, in 1971; one brother, Don Little; three sisters, Helen Renzema, Eva Steevens, and Wanda Dressler.  
Dwight is survived by two sons, Warren Little and his wife, Judy, of Alva, and Ron Little and his wife, Sharol, of Wiggins, Colorado; three daughters, Carolyn Streck and her husband, Larry, of Troup, Texas, Jan Little of Alva, and Sherry Hobbie and her husband, Gordon, of Alamonte, Florida; two sisters, Ione Hada of Alva, and Beulah Meiser of Federal Way, Washington; one daughter-in-law, Sue Wing and her husband, Ron, of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma; and one sister-in-law, Helen Little of Prescott, Arizona.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, Steven Little and his wife, Jill, of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, Stuart Little and his wife, Anne, of Topeka, Kansas, Leeann Little of Alexandria, Virginia, Brenda Little-Wilson and her husband, Chris, of Winfield, Kansas, Jullie Totino and her husband, Bob, of Jackson, Ohio, Brian Streck of Flower Mound, Texas, Mark Streck and his wife, Holli, of Roanoke, Texas, Rod Little and his wife, Janet, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ty Little of Denver, Colorado, Ryan Hobbie and his wife, Katie of Jupiter, Florida, and Erin Hobbie of West Palm Beach, Florida, 20 great grandchildren, Allison Little, Kate Little, Ben Little, Caroline Little, Sam Little, Caleb Wilson, Sutton Wilson, Rob Totino, Kelsey Totino, Shelby Totino, Savannah Streck, Sawyer Streck, Stanton Streck, Sunni Streck, Jacob Streck, Claire Streck, Allie Little, Cassidy Little, Ryan Little and Harper Hobbie; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church Building Fund or World Hope International. 
			