Graveside services for Bertha Bush, 88, will be at 10:00 a.m., Monday, July 24, 2006, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery with Dr. Greg Hook officiating.  Services are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Bertha Ann Hadley was born to Frank and Mary (Ruddick) Hadley November 3, 1917 on a farm twenty miles northwest of Alva.  She passed away July 20, 2006 at her home in Alva.  She attended grade school at Weber District #102 and high school at Northwestern High School, graduating in 1936.  
On January 14, 1939 in Byron, Georgia, Miss Hadley married David Jefferson Davidson.  They had one daughter, Dixie Lee, who was born and died in 1941.  Mr. Davidson was killed in the Battle of the Bulge in 1945.  Bertha worked three years at Warner Robins Air Service Command in Georgia, receiving commendations for excellent work.  
Bertha and Vernon Bush were married April 28, 1946, in Alva.  Bertha worked at Jett&amp;s Department Store.  Later she cooked and washed for the crew of their custom harvest operation.  They retired from harvesting in 1980, but continued to farm until 2004.  She also cared for her mother and Vernon?s mother in their home and her sister in the nursing home for several years.  
Bertha was baptized in the Mabel White Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia.  She was a member of the Alva First Baptist Church and taught the Fidelis Sunday School Class for many years.  She also taught the Monday Church Class and led the singing at Beadles Nursing Home for approximately twenty-five years.  She belonged to the Elks Ladies Bridge Club.  
She was preceded in death by her parents, her husband, Vernon, two brothers, Herman and Kilbourne; four sisters, Edrie Gatz, Georgia DeClerk, Jean Alexander and Eddy Mae Fager.  
Bertha is survived by two sisters-in-law, Margie Hadley of Holdrege, Nebraska and Margaret Taylor of Wichita, Kansas; one brother-in-law, Duane Bush and his wife, Marian, of Isabel, Kansas; one niece, Betty Murray of Topeka, Kansas; and three nephews, Wes Allan Manual, of Monroe, Louisiana; Frank Hadley of Loomis, Nebraska and Don Bennett, of Hawaii.  Bertha leaves other relatives and many friends and loving caregivers.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Baptist Church Scholarship Fund. 
			