Micah John Fiscus, son of John Wallace and Pamela Kim (Broomfield) Fiscus, was born June 22, 1982, in Enid, Oklahoma, and passed away February 14, 2007, at Coldwater, Kansas, at the age of 24 years, 7 months, and 23 days.  
Micah, from his first breath, loved and lived life to its fullest.  A bright eyed, smiley faced young boy who explored all the mysteries he could about why this world is like it is.  A determined lad who would not fit into the categories, definitions, and molds that others would define for him.  
Micah learned the game of chess from his dad around the time he started school.  He taught his sister, Melissa, the game out of need for an opponent when dad wasn?t available.  So she learned the game well before school age.  
Micah loved to fish as a young boy, and just in the past couple of years greatly enjoyed a renewed interest in it with his best friend, Rob, and John, his dad.  
He was a proud uncle and loved spending his time and money on his nieces and nephews, Trenton, and Nathan, and Michael Floyd.  The whole family has another guardian angel now.  
Micah short life made it quite unlike many others.  Some of the slow, major changes most folks go through in life came fast for Micah during certain perionds in his life.  The time recently spent with his brother, Jayson, living and working with him and seeing the fine responsible man he?d become who took care of his family first and foremost, had a great influence on Micah and helped him immensely to get a foothold and a focus on his future.  
Micah was doing exactly what he wanted to do, work in the oilfield.  He liked life on the edge and in the fast lane, and this job at times provided all of that and more.  He repected and admired his best friend and driller, Rob, and wanted nothing more than to learn the oilfield from him.  
First to Micah all his life was his mother and everyone else in this family.  Micah was proud to be in a position to help his mom and dad in anything he could.  
Micah is survived by his parents, John and Pam Fiscus of Waynoka; grandparents, Charles and Doris Lieb, of Onaga, Kansas, and Chuck and Mary Paige of Enid; one brother Jayson Lynn Loth and his wife, Jamie, of Bakersfield, California; one sister, Melissa May Fiscus of Woodward; four nieces and nephews, Michael Solomon of Woodward, and Nathan, Trenton, and Brittany Loth, all of Bakersfield, California; other relatives and many friends.  
We love you Micah.  You?ll be greatly missed.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Library. 
			