Graveside services for Karen Ferguson will be held Thursday, April 7, 2011, at 1:00 PM at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with Reverend Phil Fair officiating.  Services are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.   
Karen Kaye (Clemence) Ferguson was born on December 31, 1941, on the family farm Northwest of Waynoka, Oklahoma, and peacefully went to be with the Lord on April 4, 2011, while at her home in Waynoka at the age of 69 years, 3 months, and 4 days.   
Karen attended Liberty School, Centerview School, and Waynoka High School.  On January 25, 1958, she was united in Marriage to James (Jim) Francis Ferguson at the First Church of God in Waynoka, Oklahoma.  Karen began a life of work in the cafeteria at Waukomis Public School before she and Jim moved back to Waynoka in 1973.  Karen held jobs ranging from being a sales clerk at Frank&amp;s Department Store, to working at the local grocery store, to managing the Jiffy Trip convenient store.  There was also a very entrepreneurial side to this small town girl.  Karen owned and operated three separate businesses before she and Jim retired to ranch cattle.  In Karen&amp;s later years she became the coordinator of Waynoka Mobile Meals, a non-profit food delivery service for the elderly.  Throughout Karen&amp;s life she was a very active member of the First Church of God of Waynoka.   
Spending time with family and taking care of others were very important parts of Karen&amp;s life.  Her devotion and prayers helped keep those that were closest to her comforted until the day of her passing.  Karen had a passion for sewing, arranging flowers, and doing crafts with her grandchildren.   
Preceding Karen in death were her parents, Paul and Hazel Clemence, and her husband Jim Ferguson.  
She is survived by two daughters, Sch&amp;ree Ward and her husband, Tom, of Edmond, Oklahoma; and Kama Kruckenberg and her husband, Wesley, of Waynoka, Oklahoma; six grandchildren, Trent Ward and his wife Kim, of Edmond, Oklahoma; LaChez&amp; English and her husband Calvin, of Ponca City, Oklahoma; Romi Price and her husband Kirby, of Edmond, Oklahoma; James Ward  and girlfriend Lauren Wright of Moore, Oklahoma; Bryndal Ballard and her husband Brandon of Waynoka, Oklahoma; and Frank Alberson and his wife Tatum of Edmond, Oklahoma, nine great-grandchildren, one brother, Merle Clemence and his wife Dixie, of Waynoka, Oklahoma;  a niece, Merla Sims, and one nephew, Mark Clemence and his wife Debbie.  
The family would like to give special recognition to friends that helped care for Karen over the past few years:  Hollie Cunningham, Brenda Farmer, Debbie Milledge, Autumn Gulliford, Dorothy Ross, Tracy Lyons, Tamara Bolar, Tomeka Cunningham, Sascha Gulliford, and Kaylee Devon.  
Memorial contributions can be made to the Alzheimer&amp;s Association Oklahoma through Marshall Funeral Home at P. O. Box 804, Alva, OK  73717. 
			