Graveside  services of Hazel Vera Glisan will be 2:00 p.m., Friday, February 8, 2008, at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with Rev. Marvin Stuckey, pastor of the First United Methodist Church of Waynoka, officiating.  Arrangements are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home LLC of Waynoka.  
Hazel Vera Glisan passed away February 3, 2008, at the age of 100 years.  She was born September 1, 1907, about 18 miles south of Waynoka, Oklahoma, to Carrie and John M. McCollum.  The family moved to Waynoka in 1918 and Mrs. Glisan graduated from Waynoka High School in 1925.  She began her teaching career that Fall in a one-room school northwest of town.  After attending college at Alva during summers and teaching in the winters for two or three years, Mrs. Glisan transferred to the University of Oklahoma and completed a B.A. in English in 1930.   She then taught English at Waynoka Public Schools for several years.  
On June 2, 1935, Hazel and John Milton Glisan were united in marriage.  They resided at 601 East Waynoka Street where they raised their three children and lived until 2001 when it became necessary for them to move to Early Autumns Residential Care in Stillwater and to be near their daughter Susan Taylor.  
Hazel???s husband and soul mate, Milt, passed away in February 2005.  Also preceding her were her parents and six brothers.   
Hazel Glisan is survived by her three children and their spouses:  Judith and Allen Valentine of Los Alamos, New Mexico; Gary and Lydia Glisan of Wimberley, Texas; and Susan and Mark Taylor of Morrison, Oklahoma.  She is also survived by all seven of her grandchildren:  Greg (Mary) Valentine, John (Suzanne) Valentine, Carrie Valentine (Sean) Blake; Kimberly Taylor (Lou) Petrone and Jennifer Taylor (Donald) Edrington; Anne Glisan and Lee Glisan.  Additionally, she has fourteen great grand children.  Mrs. Glisan has one sister, Lucille McDaniel of Eureka, California, who survives her as well as several nieces and nephews.    
Hazel will be remembered as a loving wife, wonderful Mother, loyal daughter, faithful sister, understanding friend --- a humble servant for our God.  Mother, we miss you and love you and know you are in the arms of our Lord.  Your legacy continues through all of us.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to First United Methodist Church of Waynoka, or Judith Karman Hospice, at P.O. Box 178, Waynoka, OK 73860-0178. 
			