Funeral services for Forrest Rex Baird will be 2:00 p.m. Sunday, February 17, 2013, at the Elm and Murrow Church of Christ with Bill David Walker officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home, LLC.    
Forrest Rex Baird was born September 28, 1927, in the Walnut Grove Community southeast of Waynoka to William Hervey and Bess (Hull) Baird.  He passed away February 13, 2013, at Share Convalescent Home in Alva, at the age of 85 years, 4 months, and 16 days.    
He grew up helping out on the family ranch, later taking it over and operating it for his parents and himself.  Rex attended Walnut Grove School and graduated from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1947.  On June 5, 1948, he married the love of his life, Phyllis Earlene Boland.  Unto this union three children were born: Sharon May, Rex Ivan, and Allen Eugene.    
Rex and his family continued operating the family ranch until the last few years, when Rex turned the operation over to his sons.  For a short time Rex also worked at the ice plant in Waynoka helping to ice down the railroad cars.  He took on the job of bus driver for the Waynoka Public Schools, driving the bus for 27 years.      
Rex was a faithful Christian and attended the Church of Christ where he served as a deacon and then elder.  Rex loved life and especially loved spending it with his family.  In June, 1999, Rex and Phyllis moved into the old Baird House in Waynoka.  One year later Phyllis passed away.  On September 1, 2001, he married Helen Davidson.    
Besides his parents, Rex was proceeded in death by his wife, Phyllis; a grandson, Ricky Baird; and a brother-in-law and sister-in-law, Ivan and Bette (Boland) Hayes.    
Rex is survived by his wife, Helen, of Waynoka; a daughter Sharon Jacobson and husband, Richard, of Louisburg, Kansas; two sons, Rex Ivan Baird and wife, Carolyn, of Waynoka, and Allen Baird and his wife, DeeAnn, of Waynoka; one step daughter, Denise Conner of Waynoka; eight grandchildren, Sandi Ford Ross and husband, Danny, of Oklahoma City, Stephanie Jacobson Wilson and husband, Scott, of Norman, Tim Jacobson of Paola, Kansas, Teresa Jacobson Poole and husband, Alex, of Lyons, Colorado, Michelle Hougland Baird of Waynoka, Sherry Baird Shklar and husband, Michael of Perryton, Texas, Dierta Baird Harris and husband, Greg of Owasso, Oklahoma, Trevor Baird and wife, Kristen of Waynoka; a granddaughter-in-love Donna Jacobson of Olathe, Kansas; a step grandson, Harley Conner of Waynoka; 19 great grandchildren; and a host of other family and friends.    
Rex loved traditional church music and hearing his family sing it.  He was blessed to leave this earth surrounded by loving family members singing “It Is Well With My Soul.”    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Christian Family Services or the Northwest Treatment Center. 
			