Funeral services for Gerald Dean Inman will be 10:30 a.m. Friday, June 20, 2008, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Rev. Greg Hook officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Gerald Dean Inman, son of the late Thomas Jefferson and Beulah A. (Brown) Inman, was born September 28, 1934, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away June 16, 2008, near Dacoma, Oklahoma, at the age of 73 years, 8 months, and 18 days.  
Gerald Dean attended Togo School and graduated from Cheyenne Valley High School.  He served in the United States Army.  On May 22, 1960, he was united in marriage to Rosemary King in Waynoka.  He worked as a truck driver and eventually owned his own trucking company which he ran for many years.   
He was baptized into the Cheyenne Valley United Methodist Church.  He was an avid University of Oklahoma football fan.  He loved playing horseshoes and cards and enjoyed being outside.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother, Thomas Eugene Inman.  
Gerald Dean is survived by his wife, Rosemary, of Alva; one son, Preston Inman and Joanna Johnson of Waynoka; two daughters, Lezlie Jackson and husband, Steve, of Edmond, and Beth Alvarado and husband, Freddy, of Yukon; three brothers, R. J. Inman and wife, Helen, of Fairview, Delfred Inman and wife, Ila, of Waynoka, and Lilburn Inman and wife, Margaret, of Waynoka; and five sisters, Ines Bouse of Enid, Virginia Harmon of Miller, Missouri, Susie Sutherland of Woodward, Ardena Bartlow and husband, Rex, of Ottawa, Kansas, and Darlene Lyon and husband, Gary of Woodward; and daughter-in-law, Lynda Hambrick of Van, Texas.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, Garrett Jackson, Erin Fuller, Eden Jackson, Jacob Jackson, Aubrey Inman, Levi Inman, Laci Alvarado, Alex Alvarado, Alyssa Alvarado, Lacy Stramel and Kadie Stramel; two great grandchildren, Madelynn Jackson and Braylon Henry; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to St. Jude Children&amp;s Research Hospital or the Children of the King Orphanage. 
			