Funeral services for Ruth Elizabeth Johnson of Carmen, Oklahoma, will be held at 1:00 p.m. Thursday, February 26, 2009, at the Wentworth Chapel in Carmen with Rev. John Bizzell officiating.  Interment will be in the Pleasant Ridge Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC. 	 Ruth Elizabeth (Farnsworth) Johnson, daughter of the late Luman Oliver and Myrtle Mae (Coon) Farnsworth was born September 15, 1917, in Leipsic, Ohio, and passed away February 22, 2009, at the Cherokee Manor in Cherokee, Oklahoma, at the age of 91 years, 5 months, and 7 days. 	 At the age of 4, Ruth moved with the family to Wellsburg, West Virginia where she attended and graduated from Wellsburg High School where she had a promising beginning to an acting and singing career. She later attended classes at Bethany College, Bethany, West Virginia, and West Liberty Teachers College in West Liberty, West Virginia. 	 In the early 1940&amp;s, Ruth moved to Wheaton, Illinois, where she attended Wheaton College and worked in the Chicago area until after the start of World War II.  She joined the foreign service of the American Red Cross and after training in Washington, D.C., at the American University, she went to the European Theater of War, serving with the 198th General Hospital in England and France.  She met and married Dick Deavers Johnson in Paris, France.  They were married first, to satisfy the army, in the American Cathedral of Paris and then, to satisfy the civil authorities, by the mayor of Paris on January 26,1946.  She and Dick settled first in Alva, Oklahoma, where Dick finished his degree at Northwestern State College and where, in February, 1947, they welcomed their only child, Clarence. 	 She followed Dick wherever he taught, including Hazleton, Kansas, Spearville, Kansas, Roosevelt, Oklahoma, Sayre, Oklahoma, Chandler, Oklahoma, Carmen, Oklahoma, Keyes, Oklahoma, Roy, New Mexico, Dulce, New Mexico, and Gallina, New Mexico. After his death, Ruth settled in the family home in Carmen and became an active member of the Methodist Church and, for many years, the city librarian. She was also a member of Eastern Star, having served as Worthy Matron at Chama, New Mexico and Cherokee, Oklahoma. She is listed on the National Women&amp;s Monument to the members of the Red Cross in Washington, D.C. 	 Ruth also traveled with the Red Carpet Country Choir. She was always a lover of music and an active member of many choirs and ensembles, and will long be remembered for her performances in church services and memorials. 	 Besides her parents and husband, Ruth is preceded in death by one brother, Clayton Farnsworth, and two sisters, Mable Cartwright and Lucile Scott. 	 Ruth is survived by one son, Clarence Johnson and his wife, Judy, of Medford, Oklahoma; three grandchildren, John, Fianna, and Bess; four step grandchildren, Jimmy and Brian Wilhelm, Terri Davis, and Lisa Rolf, and six step great grandchildren, Dustin and Cody Lee Davis, Blake and Trenton Wilhelm, and Ryker and Skyler Rolf. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for diabetes or the Red Cross. 	 Requiescat in pacis per meus abbas. Deus beatus vos 
			