Memorial Services for Jackie (Jack) Faye Oakley will be 3:00 p.m., Friday, April 5, 2013 at Carmen Christian Church in Carmen, Oklahoma. Services are under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC of Carmen.  	    
Jack Oakley, son of the late Russell and Hazel Oakley, was born January 8, 1935, in Carmen, Oklahoma. Jack passed away March 29, 2013,  in Alva at Share Convalescent Home at the age of 78 years, 2 months and 21 days.  	    
Jack attended Carmen Schools and graduated in 1953. He loved playing football during his high school years.  	    
Jack worked at Boeing in Wichita and later transferred to Spokane, Washington. After his son’s death in 1963, Jack moved his family to Cherokee, Oklahoma, to be close to family and friends. Jack farmed in and around Cherokee until 1970.  	    
In the early summer of 1970 Jack decided to live his dream and train thoroughbred horses in the racing industry by moving his family to Hot Springs, Arkansas, getting his start living and working with great trainers and jockeys as Robert Holtus, Kilkerry Farms, Jack VanBerg, Bud Rapp, Joe and Charlsie Cantey, Pat Day, Calvin Borel, Gary Stevens and too many four legged greats to mention.  Jack traveled with the racing circuit as a trainer or in later years with Oakley Tack until retirement in the fall of 2009.  	    
In between the years of his five daughters finishing their school years, Jack returned to Carmen. While still training, Jack worked for the Carmen-Dacoma Public School system and for the City of Carmen as a police officer.  	    
Jack was a devoted Christian and loved meeting and cooking for the Cowboy Church at Remington Park every Tuesday until his health prevented him from doing so. Grandpa/Papa loved his grandchildren and great-grandchildren very much. He loved when they visited and he could drive them around in the golf cart on the backside of the race track making his rounds to the barns or just driving around in the driveway. Dad could sit for hours in the backyard at grandmother Oakley’s or his backyard in Dacoma  watching  his mare’s and young foals play and graze in the pasture.  	    
Another favorite pastime was watching his beloved Sooners and recently watching the Oklahoma City Thunder.  Jack loved his Oklahoma Sooners and giving all his family and friends “grief” that didn’t believe as he did about the GREAT SOONERS.  	    
Preceding him in death are his parents, four sisters, two brothers, an infant son, Mark, a daughter, Jackie, a granddaughter, Jamie, and son-in-law, Rusty Schmidt.  	    
He is survived by his wife, Pat, of Oklahoma City; four daughters, Sharie Ainsworth and companion, David, of Bethany, Karla and Blaine Martens of Crescent , Tammie Schmidt of Clinton, Kim and Randy Stelling of Alva;  18 grandchildren, Jennifer Murrow, JR Ainsworth, Chauncey Mallory, Chelsea and Denny Smith, Lacey and Robert Hulett, Bax, Ashley, Joshua, Seth, Jerico and Zedeki Cornelson, Cody, Merilee, Trey, Timara  and  Alissa Stelling; and 15 great grandchildren.  Jack was also a part of his three stepchildren’s lives, Susan Doss, Sandra Seley and Richard Richey and many family and friends.  	    
Memorial Contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cancer Society in memory of Jackie (Oakley) Cornelson, or the Lupus Foundation in memory of granddaughter, Jamie Schmidt and son-in-law Rusty Schmidt.  	    
The family will be gathering at the Senior Citizens in Carmen from 12:00-1:30 for lunch. Following lunch the family invites any friends to please stop by and visit before the Memorial Service. 
			