Funeral services for Mary Louise Drake will be 3:00 p.m. Monday, August 16, 2010, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.  Interment will be in the Union Center Cemetery near Dacoma under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  The casket will remain closed at the church.  
Mary Louise Drake, daughter of the late Charlie and Retta (Green) Shelite, was born January 14, 1924, southeast of Capron, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away August 14, 2010, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years and 7 months.  
Mary graduated from Capron High School with the Class of 1942.  For the next few years, she traveled all over the country with her sisters.  On February 5, 1947, she was united in marriage to John Max "Bus? Drake at Dacoma, Oklahoma.  To this union four children were born, Robert (Max), John Michael, Bruce Allen and Sheila Ann.  She was a stay at home mother until the children were older.  She served as a Den Mother in the Cub Scouts when her boys were that age.  
She was a Red Cross Representative for Woods County and continued to raise funds for the organization for several years.  She worked as a custodian at Northwestern and worked at the Sr. Citizen Center.  
She was very close to her sisters and loved her sister dinners.  She loved going to garage sales, music and dancing.  She showed great pride in her country by flying the flag at her home.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Bus; four sisters, Velva, Minnie, Lois, and Alice; three brothers, Luverne, Leonard, and Eugene; and one daughter-in-law, Merrily McCracken Drake.  
Mary is survived by three sons, Bob Drake and wife, Sandra, of Kiowa, Kansas, John Drake and wife, Clare of Mullan, Idaho, and Bruce Drake and wife, Hester, of Texas City, Texas; one daughter, Sheila  Lehr and husband, Steve, of Alva; two sisters, Bernetta Warehime, Wilma Jespersen; and one brother, Maynard Shelite.  
Also surviving are twelve grandchildren, Tad Drake and wife, Karen, Randy Drake and wife, Shelly, Nathan Drake and wife, Robin, Bobby Drake and wife, Tisha, Danielle Jewell and husband, Justin, David Drake and wife, Stephanie, Shannon Lehr and wife, Shonda, Daphne Rathgeber and husband, Brad, Asheley Salas and husband, Michael, Shane Lehr, Shawn Lehr and wife, Amber,  and Shay Lehr; 25 great grandchildren, Stephanie, Ashley, Candace and Chandler Drake, Kinzie, Marley, and Jayden Drake, Kutter, Gatlin and Briggs Jewell, Trae, Bryn, Caden, and Bryson Rathgeber, Amanda Drake, David, Holly, Haylie and Autumn Drake, Preston, Brylee, Marin and Michael Jr. Salas, Chloe Lehr, and Draven Lehr; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Senior Citizen?s Center. 
			