Funeral services for Jack Kelsey will be at 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, May 3, 2011, at Waynoka Northside Church of Christ with Gene Goben officiating. Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Jack Kelsey, son of the late J. Burtus and Pearl Estelle (Francis) Kelsey, was born June 15, 1925, on the family farm north of Waynoka, and passed away April 29, 2011, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 10 months, and 14 days.  
Jack attended Rose Valley and Horace Mann grade schools and graduated from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1943. While in high school he was very active in FFA and received the Junior Master Farmer Degree and the National American Farmer Degree in Kansas City.  After graduation, he served in the United States Army in the Philippines.  On November 30. 1946, he was united in marriage to Norma Jean Hull at Wellington, Kansas. They made their home on the farm north of Waynoka where they engaged in farming and ranching.  
He was a member of Northside Church of Christ, where he served as an elder.  
When Jack was young, Charles Lindberg established the TAT airport across the road from their farm. This led to a lifelong love of flying. He obtained his pilots license and owned several planes during his flying career, which lasted as long as his health permitted.  
In 1964, he was one of five farmers in the United States selected to go to Pakistan on a Fact-Finding Tour.  He served 24 years as Board Member of  Oklahoma Farmer?s Union before serving as President. He also served as Vice President of National Farmers Union. He resigned both positions in 1991. He was also very active in the International Federation of Agriculture Producers, and in that capacity traveled to at least 25 countries. He was also very active and served as president of the Oklahoma Flying Farmers.  
Jack and Jean lived most of their life in Waynoka except for 8 years in Bethany before recently moving to Enid. While living in Waynoka, Jack served as Mayor for five years. He also served as chairman of the Waynoka Industrial Board and the Mental Health Authority for 8 years.   
Besides his parents, Jack was preceded in death by two brothers, Roscoe Kelsey and Roland Kelsey.  
Jack is survived by his wife, Jean, of Enid; his  son, Jeff Kelsey, of Savannah, Georgia; his granddaughter, Rachael Kelsey; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Search Television Ministry. 
			