Funeral services for Shirley May Haney West will be 2:30 p.m. Friday, September 16, 2011, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Pastor Rex Shores officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Shirley May Haney West, daughter of the late Paul and Nora (Maple) Eaton, was born October 18, 1929, in Blaine County, Oklahoma, and passed away September 13, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 10 months, and 25 days.  
Shirley graduated from Eagle City School in Blaine County.  On October 19, 1949, she was united in marriage to Ivan E. Haney in Watonga, Oklahoma.  She helped Ivan run the Tom?s peanut route until they retired in 1992.  Ivan preceded her in death on December, 17, 1994.  On August 2, 1997, she was united in marriage to Frank West in Alva.  
She was a member of the Seventh Day Adventist Church.  She enjoyed going to the Alva Senior Citizens where she drove the bus and cleaned.  She loved to quilt and was always working on one every time you talked to her.  She also loved gardening and was always outside tending her garden when weather permitted.  She loved her children, grandchildren, great grandchildren, and her pet dogs.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Ivan; her husband, Frank; one brother, David Eaton; and an infant sister.  
Shirley is survived by one son, Earnest Haney and wife, Wanda, of Alva, two daughters, Cleo Scribner and husband, Jim, of Alva, and Iva Jean McCulloch and husband, Gary, of Braman; one sister, Belvialee Wheeler of Girard, Kansas; seven grandchildren, Jerry Scribner and wife, Grace, of Alva, Justin Scribner of Alva, Kyle McCulloch of Oklahoma City, Sarah Shepherd and husband, Nick, of Clearlake, California, Elizabeth Harsany and husband, Josh, of Belleville, Michigan, Rachel Simmons and husband, James, of Siloam Springs, Arkansas, and Guy Stover and wife, Nancy, of Houston, Texas; twelve great grandchildren, Luke and Eli Shepherd, Tabitha Simmons, Aspen and Sydney Stover, Joshua, Jalyn, and Jasmine Scribner, Lacy Jobin, and James, David, and Jennifer Scribner; one great great grandson, Drake Chaffin; other relatives and friends.  
In lieu of flowers, the family requests memorial contributions be made through the funeral home to the Alva Senior Citizens Center. 
			