Graveside services for Amos Dean Blue will be 10:00 a.m. Monday, May 14, 2007, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery with Rev. Terry Martindale, pastor of the Alva First United Methodist Church officiating.  Military Honors will be provided by a United States Army detachment from Ft. Sill.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Visitation with family and friends will be Sunday, May 13, 2007, at Marshall Funeral Home of Alva from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.   
Amos Dean Blue, son of the late Ezra Meech and Anna Mae (Bragg) Blue, was born February 6, 1921, at Cherokee, Oklahoma, and passed away May 11, 2007 in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years.  
Amos graduated from Horace Mann High School and attended Northwestern State College.  Amos then enlisted in the United States Army as a First Lieutenant  in the 45th Artillery and served in the European Theater during World War II.  He received the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star Medal, and the EAME Theater Ribbon with 4 Bronze Stars.  After returning from Europe he and his brother, Emil, managed the three northwest Oklahoma area Ford Motor Company dealerships.  
In July, 1941, he married Mary Lois Dague in Fairview, Oklahoma.  
On August 16, 1964, he was united in marriage to Carol Camp at Liberal, Kansas.  He lived most of his life in the Alva area.  He was a salesman for Gates Rubber Company, sold automotive parts, and was a fuel inspector for the Oklahoma Corporation Commission.  
Amos was a member of the First United Methodist Church.  He loved all sports, especially high school and college athletics.  He was an avid outdoorsman who enjoyed playing golf and hunting quail.  He was an animal lover whose hobby was raising quail, and most of all, he loved his family.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Carol, in June, 1998; his son, Dr. Michael Blue in October, 2004; two brothers, Emil Blue and Benny Blue; and two sisters, Harriet Delaney and Lucille Treadwell.  
Amos is survived by one son, Dr. Thomas Blue and his wife, Jana, of Norman, Oklahoma; one step-son, John Thoreson and his wife, Terri, of Goodwell, Oklahoma, one step-daughter, Kris Bundy and her husband, Bryan, of Enid; his daughter-in-law, Kathleen Blue, of Edmond, Oklahoma; his sister-in-law, Doris Blue, of Alva; 9 grandchildren; 1 great granddaughter; other relatives; long time best friend, Phil Prigmore, and many other friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Education Foundation. 
			