Funeral services for Reta Belle Snyder will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, November 3, 2009, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating. Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Reta Belle Snyder, daughter of the late Charles and Mildred (Swearingen) Trammell, was born January 5, 1917, north of Waynoka in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away October 31, 2009, at Woodward, Oklahoma, at the age of 92 years, 9 months, and 26 days. 	 Reta graduated from high school at Shamrock, Oklahoma. On June 30, 1933, she was united in marriage to Leslie A. Snyder, Jr., at Alva, Oklahoma. To this union three children were born, Jack, Jane, and Twana. 	 In 1955, Reta and Leslie moved to Belen, New Mexico, with the railroad. Reta and daughter, Jane, graduated from the Heights Beauty College in Albuquerque. Together, they owned and operated Janie?s Beauty Salon in Belen. After Leslie passed away in 1973, Reta moved back to Waynoka to open Reta?s Fashion. She also worked in many cafes in Waynoka as a cook and retired from E. P. Clapper Memorial Hospital where she worked as a cook. She owned and operated Reta?s Caf? in Waynoka in the late 80s. 	 Reta was a member of the First Baptist Church. She liked to do crafts. She enjoyed her grandchildren, great grandchildren, and great great grandchildren.  Her greatest joy in life was her family .She loved family reunions and loved to be around people. She will be deeply missed by all who loved her. 	 Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by her son, Jack; her daughter, Twana; her grandson, Greg Snyder; four sisters, Ruby Milledge, Rosie Lebouret, Ruth Trammell, and Viola Alexander; and five brothers, Roy, Robert, Homer, Edsel, and Lee Trammell. 	 Reta is survived by her daughter, Jane Akin Bergen and husband, Shelly, of Waynoka; two granddaughters, Dian Fry and Husband Mike of Woodward, and Valerie Hale of Woodward; two grandsons, Danny Akin and wife, Sandy, of Woodward, and Eugene Snyder of Denver, Colorado; her twin sister, Retta Woolley of Waynoka; two great grandsons, Robert McManis and wife, Tammy of Piedmont, and Terry Hale and wife, Jessica, of Edmond; three great great grandchildren, Charles McManis, McKinzey McManis, and Colby Reese McManis, all of Piedmont; her in-laws, Juanita Trammell of Guthrie, Joy Armstrong of Woodward, and Gene Alexander of Washington State; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the ASPCA,  the American Cancer Society or the Grace Living Center Activity Department. 
			