Funeral services for Garold Edward August Busse will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, April 26, 2010, at the Zion Lutheran Church.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family from 4:30 to 6:00 p.m.,Sunday, April 25, 2010.  
Garold Edward August Busse, son of the late Harold William Karl and Roberta Kathryn (Kurth) Busse, was born January 24, 1942, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away April 22, 2010, at Share Medical Center, Alva, at the age of 68 years, 2 months, and 28 days.  
Garold  grew up in Alva and went to the Lutheran School before graduating from Alva High School with the Class of 1959.  He was a member of the Zion Lutheran Church and was baptized on February 22, 1942, and later confirmed in 1955.  
On October 10, 1960, he was united in marriage to Mary Katherin Murrow in El Paso, Texas.  To this union four children were born: Jo Retta, Kenneth, Jannel, and Keith.  They made their home in Alva for a time before moving to the country where they farmed and ranched.  
Besides being a lifelong farmer and rancher, Garold was an honorary member of the FFA. He enjoyed the outdoors, vacationing with his family, spending time with his grandchildren, traveling with Mary Katherin to Garden Club events, and playing cards.  
Besides his parents, he  was preceded in death by his wife, Mary Katherin, and his daughter, Jannel Lawrence.  
Garold is survived by his children, Jo Retta Rhodes and husband, Les, Kenneth Busse, and Keith Busse, all of Alva; son-in-law, Rick Lawrence and wife, Kara, of Colorado Springs, Colorado; two sisters, Iona Westerman and husband, Earl, of Nashville, Kansas, and Wilda Busse of Alva; and brother-in-law, Virgil Lyle Murrow and wife, Pearl, of Alva.  
Also surviving are two grandchildren, KeEra Busse of Amarillo, Texas and Colton Lawrence of Colorado Springs, Colorado; two step-grandchildren, Zach and Bella Lawrence of Colorado Springs, Colorado; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the  Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for diabetes or cancer research. 
			