Graveside services for James Walter "Jim? Faurot will be 3:00 p.m. Monday,  December 10, 2007, at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with Dick Faurot officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
James Walter "Jim? Faurot, son of the late Walter Woods and Lena Star (Middleton) Faurot, was born August 27, 1928 at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away December 6, 2007 at Muskogee, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 3 months, and 9 days.  
After Jim graduated from Waynoka High School, he attended Northwestern State College in Alva.  Jim served in the United States Army during the Korean Conflict and earned the U.N. Service Medal, the Combat Infantry Badge, and the Korean Service Medal with one Bronze Star.  
On March 10, 1951, he was united in marriage to Billie Brown at his parents country home.  He worked as a clerk and mail carrier at the Waynoka Post office until 1982 when he retired after 35 years of service.  He also raised thousands of turkey over many years.  
He was a member of the United Methodist Church.  As an active member of the Waynoka American Legion Post, he called Bingo and placed flags on veteran?s graves for many years.  He loved to fish for bass and hunt quail with his favorite dog.  He also collected stamps.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother, Gene Faurot; and two grandchildren, Keith Inman and Shayla Faurot.  
Jim is survived by his wife, Billie, of Muskogee; two sons, Steve Allen Faurot and his wife, Shelley, of Skiatook, Oklahoma, and Thomas James Faurot and his wife, Kimberly, of Denver, Colorado; and one daughter, Linda Gail Faurot of Muskogee, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are 10 grandchildren, Bryan Kutz and his wife, Shannon, of West Fork, Arkansas, Kimberly Brown and her husband, Brad, of Oklahoma City, Sasha Conly and her husband, Jory, of Florida, Tawni Faurot of Tulsa, Connor Faurot of Skiatook, Matthew Faurot of Denver, Mitchell Faurot of Denver, Kayla Cook of Skiatook, Alan Cook of Skiatook, and Austin Cook of Skiatook; 12 great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the  American Cancer Society. 
			