Funeral services for LeRoy James Haight will be 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, July 14, 2009, at the Alva Assembly of God Church with Rev. Will Jenkins officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
LeRoy James Haight, son of the late Clarence and Dora (Nicholson) Haight, was born October 5, 1930, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away July 9, 2009, at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 78 years, 9 months, and 4 days.  
LeRoy attended Alva Schools.  On December 25, 1948, he was united in marriage to Alta Marie Stallings in Alva, Oklahoma.  To this union two sons, Larry LeRoy Haight and Leonard James Haight, were born.  He worked at the elevator and as a policeman for a while.  He then worked on helicopters at Kinzie Industries for several years, before working as a self employed welder and machinist.   On May 10, 1981, he was united in marriage to Edith Marie Dowling at Alva, Oklahoma.  
He was a member of the Bible Baptist Church.  He enjoyed hunting, gardening, making latch hook rugs, and especially loved fishing.  He also enjoyed black smithing and was a charter member of the Salt Fork Craftsmen.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his sister, Wanda Martin; and an infant sister, Clara.  
LeRoy is survived by his wife, Edith, of Alva; three sons, Larry Haight and wife, Rebecca, of Redding, California; Lenny Haight and wife, Anne, of Alva, and Steve Dowling and wife, Janet, of Alva; and one sister, Loretta Lyon and husband, Kenneth, of Derby, Kansas.  
He is also survived by ten grandchildren, Matthew Haight and wife, Christine, of Los Angeles, California, Michael Haight and wife, Heather, of Sacramento, California, Jeremy Haight and wife, Stephanie, of Sapulpa, Jimmy Haight of Alva, Jarrod Haight of Jenks, Kelly Stauffer and wife, Amanda, of Waukomis, Kyle Stauffer of Alva, Derick Schuermann and wife, Ida, of Pawnee, Taylor Dowling of Alva, and Christopher Dowling of Alva; nine great grandchildren, Taylor, Tara, Tabitha, Austin, Martin, Serena, Hunter, John, and Addyson; his special friends, Rick and Peg Fox; and his dog, Snowball; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Fire Department for the new truck or the charity of your choice. 
			