
					
				Funeral services for Boyd Luray Hill will be 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, July 24, 2013, at the Greenvalley Free Methodist Church with Rev. Dave Keller officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Boyd Luray Hill, son of the late Clyde Rossy and Violet May (Nusser) Hill, was born June 18, 1925, near Dacoma in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away July 21, 2013, at his home in Woods County, at the age of 88 years, 1 month, and 3 days.    
Boyd attended school at Pleasant View, Lone Star, Dacoma, and Waynoka. On September 16, 1943, he was inducted into the United States Army and completed his basic training at Camp Fannin near Tyler, Texas.  He then went to Fort Ord, California where he boarded a ship bound for Australia with 10,000 other soldiers.  He fought in battles in New Guinea and on Leyte Island in the Philippines where he was injured.  He was treated in Torney General Hospital in Palm Springs, California, and William Beaumont Hospital in El Paso, Texas, where he was discharged on March 8, 1946.  He earned the Purple Heart and the Bronze Service Star for his service.    
On September 20, 1945, he was united in marriage to Gayles Lavaun Murray at his parents' home northwest of Waynoka.  After the war they moved to southern Woods County where he farmed and ranched all of his life.    
He was a member of the Hopeton Lyons Club, Oklahoma Cattleman’s Association, Woods County Mineral Owners Association, and served on the Alva Farmers Coop Board for 18 years.  He was a strong supporter of the FFA and 4-H programs.    
Besides his parents he was preceded in death by his daughter, Carol Ann Hill; three brothers, Robert, Delmar, and Clyde Hill, Jr.    
Boyd is survived by his wife of 67 years, Gayles Hill of Carmen; one son, Larry Hill and wife, Christina, of Carmen; two sisters, Leola Haltom of Alva, and Lois Nutter and husband, Donnie, of Waynoka; two grandchildren, Savannah Bouziden and husband, Chase, of Carmen, and Weston Hill of Carmen; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka FFA and 4-H.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			