Funeral services for Hazel Katherine Eckels will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, April 3, 2007, at the Hopeton Wesleyan Church with Rev. Bob Marshall officiating.  Interment will be in the Pleasant View Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Hazel Katherine Eckels, daughter of the late Walter "Bud? and Pearl (Bloom) Smith, was born June 11, 1918, at Dansville, Kansas, and passed away March 30, 2007, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 88 years, 9 months, and 19 days.  
Hazel started school in Amorita, then moved to Alva where she graduated from Alva High School.  She also attended Northwestern Normal School.  On July 21, 1935, she was united in marriage to Leslie S. Eckels at Alva.  She lived most of her life in Woods County where they farmed and ranched.  
Hazel was a member of the Hopeton Wesleyan Church, the Home Demonstration Club and the Hopeton Homeworkers.  She was a very artistic lady who enjoyed painting, crafts, flower arranging, scrapbooking and photography.   She was also well known for her cooking and sewing.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Leslie; one infant son, Kenneth Ray Eckels; two brothers, Eugene and Merle Smith; and two sisters, Jennie Rogers and Marjorie Deyoe.  
Hazel is survived by one son, Carroll Dean Eckels and his wife, Beverly, of Carmen; one daughter, Rebecca Ann Weed and her husband, Michael, of Mansfield, Texas; three grandchildren, Jerry Dean Eckels and his wife, Lisa, of Stillwater, Gayla Christine Hudson of Mooreland, and Stephen Lee Weed of Mansfield, Texas; six great grandchildren, Brandon and Laci Eckels and Crystal and Alicia Meyers, all of Stillwater, Angela Binns of Larned, Kansas, and Lezlie Eckels of Mooreland; two great great grandchildren, Danielle Binns and Devin McMurphy, both of Larned, Kansas; many other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for heart disease research. 
			