Funeral services for Jack August Weber will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, September 18, 2010, at St. Cornelius Catholic Church in Cherokee with Father Lawrence officiating.  Interment will be in the Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC, of Carmen. 	 Jack August Weber was born on a warm winter day on January 3, 1927.  His parents, Jacob August Weber and Nettie Lena (Livingston) Weber lived on the family farm just north of Carmen.  Jack had one brother, Earnest, about five years older.  They grew up working together and being good friends. 	 Life on the farm in the 1930&amp;s wasn?t easy.  His dad was hard working and expected hard work from the family.  His mother loved to cook and bake, and would always have the meals ready for the men.  Starting at an early age, Jack helped with the chores on the farm and later helped with the work in the field: at first with horse drawn equipment and then later operating the tractor.  They raised wheat, oats, barley, and other crops. 	 Jack attended his first 8 years of school at Pleasant Ridge, a one-room school about a mile from the farm.  He then attended Carmen High School.  He rode a horse to school every day until his senior year.  A school bus route became available then. 	 Family time was important for the Weber?s.  Most Sunday pastimes were spent visiting with the numerous uncles, aunts, and cousins. 	 Jack graduated high school in 1945.  In early 1946, he was drafted into the Army, and served in the Occupational Army at Iwo Jima.  After serving his country, he returned to his home town.  	 In the fall of 1947, he asked Betty Morrow if he could take her home from a football game.  They began dating soon after.  Jack and Betty were married August 10, 1949.  Jack, being nervous, didn?t hear the wedding vows correctly; instead of repeating "for better or worse? he stated "from better to worse.?  Fortunately, this wasn?t the case.  After a honeymoon trip to Colorado, they moved to a farm just north of Carmen. 	 The early 50&amp;s were a period of drought.  They raised cattle and hogs, milked cows and sold cream, raised chickens and sold eggs, and did everything necessary to survive life on the farm when many people were moving to the cities.  Their first son, Gary Lynn, was born on Mother?s Day, May 14, 1950.  Ted Alan, their second son, was born on December 8, 1952.  And their third son, Paul Lee, was born on July 2, 1958. 	 Jack helped the boys with their activities in Boy Scouts, and also with their animals in 4-H and FFA.  He also served on the Carmen School Board and was a member of several local Farmer?s Co-operatives. 	 Jack and Betty lived on the farm until April 16, 1969, when a tornado swept through the area and destroyed most of the farm buildings and equipment.  They relocated to a house just west of Carmen.  After 20 years, that wasn?t big enough to accommodate the going legion of grandchildren.  In 1989, they built a house in Carmen which they enjoyed to date.  Jack retired from farming in 2006.  He enjoyed bowling, playing cards with their friends, watching football and basketball, and watching the grandchildren grow.  Jack and Betty celebrated their 61st wedding anniversary in August. 	 Besides his parents, Jack was preceded in death by his brother, Earnest. 	 Jack is survived by his wife, Betty, of Carmen; three sons, Gary Weber of Ashfork, Arizona, Ted Weber and his wife, Cheri, of Mustang, and Paul Weber and his wife, Susan, of Stillwater; ten grandchildren, Lauren Weber of Flagstaff, Arizona, Stephen Weber of Tucson, Arizona, Rebecca Weber of Palm Bay, Florida, Melissa Wilkerson and her husband, Jim, of Oklahoma City, Teresa Weber of Winter Garden, Florida, Mekayla Weber, Richard Weber, and Samuel Weber all of Mustang, Jamie Weber of College Station, Texas, and Jennifer Dobson and her husband, Matthew, of Paris, France; and one great grandson, Wyatt Wilkerson of Oklahoma City. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Carmen First Responders. 
			