A Memorial Celebration will be held Thursday, September 4th, 2014, from 5-7 p.m. at Bonnie's home at 610 14th Street in Alva. The family requests that you may bring a written story to share.    
A private family service for Eunice Rebecca Sebren will be on the beach Friday, August 15, 2014, in Washington State, with a local service to be held at a later date.  She was cremated at her request under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
  Eunice Rebecca Sebren, daughter of the late Walter and Martha Willamina Charlotta (Koths) Reynolds, was born November 16, 1924, at Lapeer, Michigan, and passed away August 7, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 89 years, 8 months, and 21 days.    
    
Bonnie graduated from high school in Caro, Michigan, and obtained her nursing diploma from Hurley Hospital in Detroit.  She worked with the Cadet Nurse Corps in Panama in the early 1950's.  She wanted to be a mail carrier pilot, but even though she was a pilot they didn’t allow women to fly the mail at that time.  She, also, worked as a “Rosie the Riveter”  building airplanes during World War II.  While in Panama she met and married Alfred Burke Hinkle on April 17, 1952.  After returning to America, they settled in Alva where she worked as an operating room nurse at Alva General Hospital.  In 1978, she was united in marriage to Joseph Graham Sebren.    
	  Bonnie was baptized into the Lutheran Church and was a member of the VFW Women’s Auxiliary.  She was an avid bridge player and played in several bridge clubs.  She loved the outdoors and loved fishing, hunting, gardening, growing flowers, and mushroom hunting.    
	  Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by three brothers, Ross Reynolds, Daniel Reynolds, and Norley Reynolds.    
	  Bonnie is survived by three daughters, Rebecca Lea Hinkle and Russel Williams of Alva; Mika Jane “PoPo” Cahoj and husband, Jeff, of Alva, and Donna Jean Fearing and husband, Dave, of Alva; one brother, Calvin Reynolds and wife, Stella, of New Port Richey, Florida; and three step sons, Joe Sebren, Jr. and wife, Janelle, of Sacramento, California, Martin Sebren and wife, Liz, of Gigg Harbor, Washington, and Robert Sebren of Reno, Nevada.    
	  Also surviving are five grandchildren, Ferran Weese and husband, Tyler, of Blackwell, David Burke Fearing of Pensacola, Florida, Michael Joseph Fearing of Austin, Texas, Nigel Sebren and wife, Missy, of Gigg Harbor, Washington, and Nathan Sebren of Gigg Harbor, Washington; five great grandchildren, Tanner and Braden Weese of Blackwell, and Jena, Addie, and BriaAnn Sebren of Gigg Harbor, Washington; many nieces, nephews, other relatives and friends.    
	  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Northwestern Oklahoma State University Foundation. 
			