Funeral services for Cleta Ann McMurphy will be 2:30 p.m., Wednesday, December 17, 2014, at the Alva First United Methodist Church, with Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Cleta Ann McMurphy, daughter of the late Claude W. and Grace Arndt Wolgamott, was born April 16,1937, on the farm northwest of Alva and passed away December 13, 2014, at Share Convalescent Home, at the age of 77 years, 7 months and 27 days.    
She graduated from South Hackberry Elementary School and Hardtner High School.  On June 26, 1955, she was married to Darold D. McMurphy, at her grandparents home in Woods County.  She worked as secretary/bookkeeper for McMurphy Plumbing from 1955 until 1997.    
She was a member of the Alva First United Methodist Church, Household Executive Club, Rebekah Lodge; Women of the Moose, and VFW Auxiliary.  She enjoyed all types of handwork, especially sewing, quilting and needlework.  She also liked making candy, gardening, working on the farm, and dancing    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Darold McMurphy.    
Cleta Ann is survived by her son, Randy McMurphy and his wife, Paula of Alva, a daughter; DeAnna Gregory and her husband, Jim, of Oklahoma City; one brother, David Wolgamott and wife, Carol, of Hardtner; one sister, Pearl Myers and husband, Dale, of Wheaton, Missouri; one brother-in-law, Verlin McMurphy and wife, Betty, of Alva; and one sister-in-law, Doris Lockhart and husband, Jim, of Merriam, Kansas.    
Also surviving are four grandchildren, Cody McMurphy and wife, Megan, of Alva, Casey McMurphy and wife, Tracy, of Edmond, D. J. Gregory and wife, Sarah, of Piedmont; and Chad Gregory of Midland, Texas; six great grandchildren, Avery and Reece McMurphy, Layton and Grayson McMurphy, Braedyn and Caylee Gregory, with one more great grandchild on the way; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Convalescent Home or the charity of choice.. 
			