Funeral services for Fay Etta Cook, 68, will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, January 25, 2007, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Pastor David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka.  
Fay Etta Cook daughter of the late Tom and Etta Mae (Guthrie) White, was born February 3, 1938, at San Antonio, Texas, and suddenly passed away January 21, 2007, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 68 years, 11 months, and 18 days.  
Fay attended the Longdale School and later received her GED.  On September 30, 1954, she was united in marriage to Claudie Eugene Cook at Enid, Oklahoma.  They made their home in Waynoka.  
Fay was a very active member of the First Baptist Church.  She enjoyed fishing, camping, walking, and listening to the local old timers play music.  The most important things in her life were her church and her family.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Claudie; one son, Tommy Ellsworth Cook; one daughter, Vickie Yvonne Seiger; and one sister, Gladys Hill.  
Fay is survived by three sons, Claudie Eugene Cook, Jr., and his wife, Arlene, of Woodward; David Wayne Cook of Waynoka, and Jimmy Andrew Cook of Waynoka; one brother, Ira White and his wife, Margaret, of Longdale; three sisters, Christina Taylor and her husband, Gary, of Watonga, Tula Wallace and her husband, Jim, of Cleo Springs, and Tammy Bright of Enid.  
Also surviving are ten grandchildren, Crystal Richardson and her husband, Craig, of Altus, Mikeena Thompson and her husband, Chad, of Woodward, Kendra Seiger of Altus, Cody Cook of Woodward, Elizabeth Cook of Woodward, Christon Buffington, Bradley Cells of Missouri, Talem Marie Garcia and her husband, Rene, of Carmen, Clint Cook of Woodward, and Cierra Cook of Woodward; two great grandchildren, Jullian Cook of Woodward and GraceLynn Thompson of Woodward; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First Baptist Church. 
			