Funeral services for Leslie Unruh will be 2:00p.m., Saturday January 17, 2015, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. Paul Jones officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Leslie Vernon Unruh, son of the late Cornelius B. and Bertha (Schmidt) Unruh was born August 12, 1920, on the family farm near Goltry, Oklahoma, and passed away January 14, 2015, in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 94 years, 5 months, and 2 days.    
Les attended school in Johnson, Kansas, and graduated from Cleo Springs High School in 1940.  He enlisted in the Army Air Corp in 1942 were he served in Royston, England, as a B17 mechanic.  After his discharge in 1945, he went home to his parents in Cleo Springs and then in 1946 he got a job at the Mobil Service Station in Waynoka.    
It was in Waynoka that he met a beautiful red-head by the name of Anna Mae Bergner.  They were married on September 29, 1946, and were married for  65 years before Ann passed away October 20, 2011.  Les worked at many jobs throughout his life.  Besides working as a service station operator, he served as Waynoka City Clerk, and worked for the Fruit of the Loom Plant in Woodward for a time.  He also served as the Administrator for the Waynoka Hospital and the Waynoka and Fairview Nursing Homes.  He became a licensed electrician in the 1970s and worked in that capacity until recently.    
Les was a member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church, Waynoka Lodge #422, the Guthrie Scottish Rite Consistory, and served on the Waynoka Fire Department.  He enjoyed  square dancing, bowling, and especially doing woodworking projects in his workshop.    
Besides his parents and his wife, he was preceded in death by two brothers, Kenneth Lee Unruh and Wilford Leon Unruh; his twin sister, Lillian Vernice Nickel and infant sister, Delores Unruh.    
Les is survived by two sons, Dennis Unruh and wife, Fe, of Cimarron, Kansas, and Terry Unruh and wife, Terry Ann of Odessa, Texas; seven grandchildren, Daniel Unruh and wife, Elli, of Manhattan, Kansas, Dustin Unruh of Forgan, Brent Unruh of Plano, Texas, Bryant Unruh and wife, Shannon of Dickinson, Texas, Bradley Unruh of Texas City, Texas, Kayla Turner and husband, Austin, of Alva; and Lexy Nicole Yungco of Cimarron, Kansas; two great grandchildren, Lakin and Jacie Willson of Alva; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Masonic Scholarship Fund. 
			