Funeral services for Gary Lee Lyon will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, September 19, 2013, at the Woodward Church of the Nazarene with son, Jeff Lyon and Pastor Shane Rackley officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC. The casket will remain closed.    
Gary Lee Lyon, son of the late Thurman Charles Alfred and Theda Fae (Dennison) Lyon, was born May 27, 1937, in Alva, Oklahoma, and went to be with his Lord and Savior September 15, 2013, at the age of 76 years, 3 months, and 19 days. “Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.” Matthew 5:8.    
Gary graduated from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1955, where he participated in all sports, playing quarterback for his football team. On May 26, 1956, after her graduation, Gary married Darlene Inman and they celebrated 57 years of marriage last May. He enjoyed playing golf with his friends and bowled with a team in Alva and also Woodward for several years.     
Gary went to work for the Santa Fe Railroad after graduation. In 1960 he became the Waynoka City Clerk through 1969. In November 1970, he took the position of City Clerk in Woodward and worked through 1997 as City Manager until he retired in 1997.    
Gary was a member of the Church of the Nazarene where he served on the board as treasurer and was an adult Sunday School teacher at the time of his death.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his daughter, Ginger.    
Those who are left to praise God for the end to Gary’s suffering and his entry into heaven are his wife, Darlene, of Woodward; his son, Jeff and wife, Monica, of Woodward; nine grandchildren, Chad Harmon and wife, Jamie, of Woodward, Travis Mitchell and wife, Jenn, of Woodward; Michelle Mitchell of Oklahoma City, Candice Lyon of Oklahoma City, Madison, Tiffany, and Hayden Lyon all of Edmond, Landon Lyon of Bristow; and Dane Johnson of Woodward; his sister, Sue Ann Yearick and husband, Archie, of Oklahoma City, and his brother Greg Lyon and wife, Pam, of Alva; eight great-grandchildren; seven nieces and nephews; other relatives and a host of friends. 
			