Funeral services for Faye Elizabeth Lewis will be 1:00 p.m. Monday, February 14, 2011, at the First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Faye Elizabeth Lewis, daughter of the late J. A. and Flora D. (Fergison) Whitcomb, was born June 26, 1913, at Silver Springs, Oklahoma, and passed away February 9, 2011, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 97 years, 6 months, and 13 days.  
Faye attended school at Silver Springs.  On December 24, 1930, she was united in marriage to George Lewis at Waynoka.   While her son was in school in Waynoka, she attended the Waynoka Schools to graduate from high school.  She worked in the Waynoka Nursing Home.  In 1977, she moved to Ft. Worth, Texas where she worked in Home Health Care and obtained her real estate license.  She returned to Waynoka in 1984 and continued working in Home Health in Waynoka and Woodward.  
She was a member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church where she taught Sunday School and was dedicated to the youth of the church.  She made many trips with the youth to Fall?s Creek as well as Glorietta in New Mexico.  She was also a member of the Waynoka Eastern Star.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one brother and three sisters.  
Faye is survived by one son, Phil Lewis and wife, Margie, of Mooreland; one sister, Evelyn Moser and husband, Lawrence, of Mountain Home, Arkansas; four grandchildren, Shawn Lewis and wife, Brenda, of Ponca City, Shannon Treece and husband, Tommy, of Waynoka, Shelly Collins and husband, Kenny, of West Plaines, Missouri, and Sharon Shelton and husband, Terry, of Milton, Kansas; four step grandchildren, Sonny Cannon of Woodward, Rodney Cannon of Waukomis, Danny Cannon and wife, Pam, of Woodward, and Stephanie Corr and husband, Lanny, of Mooreland; 18 great grandchildren; 10 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Waynoka First Baptist Church Youth. 
			