Graveside services for John Joseph Bettencourt will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, October 9, 2008, at the Ft. Sill National Cemetery near Elgin with the Air Force Chaplain officiating. Inurnment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
John Joseph Bettencourt, son of the late John Silvia and Evelyn Gloria (Silviera) Bettencourt, was born February 10, 1936, at Newport, Rhode Island, and passed away October 4, 2008, at the Clinton VA Center in Clinton, Oklahoma, at the age of 72 years, 7 months, and 24 days.  
John attended Rogers High School before enlisting in the United States Marines. After his Marine Corps service he enlisted in the United States Air Force where he served until his retirement as a Senior Master Sergeant in 1975. He served in many places in the United States and also in Korea, the Phillippines, Viet Nam and Germany.  
On February 28, 1964, he was united in marriage to Anita Louise Spears. After his retirement from the Air Force they moved to Waynoka to make their home.  
He was a member of the Catholic Church. He was also a Past Commander of the Cheeke Darbe Post of the American Legion, a member of Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled American Veterans, and the Air Force Sergeants.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one step son, Randy Parsons.  
John is survived by his wife, Anita, of Waynoka; one son, John Joseph Bettencourt and wife, Kenia, of Oklahoma City; three brothers, Anthony Bettencourt and wife, Jane, of Rockville, Maryland, Robert Bettencourt and wife, Judy, of Waynoka, Oklahoma, and Larry Bettencourt and wife, Jaye, of Newport, Rhode Island; and one sister, Gloria Silvia and husband, Edward, of Middletown, Rhode Island.  
Also surviving are five grandchildren, Kristopher Alleman, Krishtina Alleman, John Bettencourt III, Jacob Bettencourt, and Evelyn Bettencourt; one uncle, Frank Silviera; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Waynoka EMTs. 
			