Funeral services for James Estle "Jim? Robison will be 3:00 p.m. Saturday, August 30, 2008 at the First United Methodist Church.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
James Estle "Jim? Robison, son of the late Estle Miles and Gladys Ione (Black) Robison was born July 23, 1934, at Kiowa, Kansas, and passed away August 27, 2008, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 74 years, 1 month, and 4 days.  
Jim graduated from Kiowa High School and received his Bachelor of Science Degree from Northwestern State College.  On September 18, 1952, he enlisted in the United States Air Force for four years.  He was a radar intercept operator and served in Turkey and South Africa.  
On February 2, 1957, he was united in marriage to Devona Dee Arndt at her grandparent?s home northwest of Alva.  Jim worked at Tinker Air Force Base before moving to Roff to manufacture aircraft parts.  In 1973 Jim and Devona moved back to Alva where he worked at Kinzie Industries.  He then worked at Ampride and was working at Wal-Mart at the time of his death.  
Jim was a member of the Worldwide Church of God.  He had a lifelong interest in flying and aviation and also took up skydiving for a time.  He also enjoyed hunting.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his brother-in-law, Jr. Cox.  
Jim is survived by his wife, Devona, of Alva; four sisters, Eva Bergren of Kiowa, Kansas, Jane Oxendine and husband, Dee, of North, South Carolina, Betty Throckmorton and husband, George, of Enid; and Ruth Cox of Douglass, Kansas; two brothers, Roger Robison and wife, Janet, of Kiowa, Kansas, and Greg Robison of Wichita, Kansas; his mother-in-law, Mildred Arndt of Alva; two brothers-in-law, Danny Arndt and wife, Linda, of Wellington, Kansas, and Ken Arndt and wife, Sandy, of Stillwater, Oklahoma; and a host of friends and relatives.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Kiowa High School Museum or Northwest Family Services. 
			