John R. Burns, 79, the son of Harry and Esther (Hardison) Burns was born November 23, 1931, at Kiowa, Kansas, and passed away June 6, 2011, at the Kiowa District Hospital, after fighting a number of serious health problems for some time.  
He graduated from Kiowa High School and Northwestern State College with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Art.  He served in the United States Navy from 1951 to 1954, and married his wife, Ruth, on September 5, 1953, after meeting on a blind date.  
John had enormous creative talents.  It was often said that he could make or fix anything.  He was a gifted artisan and craftsman who left behind a stunning array of creations:  paintings, etchings, sculptures, jewelry, stained glass, lamps, miniatures, decorative eggs and more.  His artistic talents were matched by his abilities to design, build, and modify practical things, from buildings to farm equipment.  He was a blacksmith of renown, as well as a lapidary with encyclopedic knowledge of gems and minerals and an experienced jeweler?s touch.  Some may be unaware that he was once a polished square dance caller and performer.  
He was a member of the Methodist Church, Salt Fork Craftsmen, Gem and Mineral Society, Borderline Theater and The Historical Society.  
John was a kind and gentle man and possessed a wry wit and a marked curiosity about the inner workings of things.  He was both loved and respected by his family and numerous friends, including other farmers, members of the clubs to which he belonged, and longtime residents of the Kiowa and Capron communities.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Ruth, and one sister, Velda Rene Feezell.  
He is survived by his nephews, Larry Feezell and his wife, Polly, and Randy Feezell and his wife Barbara.  
His remains are to be cremated and spread along with the remains of his loving wife, Ruth, on the farm that he loved so much.  A memorial service will be held at a later date.  
Memorial contributions may be made through Marshall Funeral Home to the Kiowa Hospital Building Fund, Kiowa, Kansas. 
			