A celebration of his life will be held at 2:00 p.m. on Saturday, June 7, 2014 at the First United Methodist Church in Alva, Oklahoma with Reverend Terry Martindale will be officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
There will be a visitation with the family at the funeral home from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. Friday, June 6.    
Lifetime Alva resident Lyle Laverne Sneary, 79, of Alva, Oklahoma passed away Tuesday, June 3 surrounded by his family.  Lyle was born at home on the family homestead on May 21, 1935 to Arlie H. and Clara Clarine (Martin) Sneary.     
He attended Rosehill School, a one-room school in northwest Woods County through eighth grade.  He graduated from Capron High School in 1953.  Lyle was active in FFA, sports, and farming and ranching.  He was awarded the State Farmer degree and also was an honorary FFA member of both the Alva and Garber FFA chapters and the Oklahoma FFA.      
On August 8, 1954, he married his childhood sweetheart, Jean Eleanor McCracken.  Both Lyle and Jean attended and graduated from Southwestern College in Winfield, Kansas in 1957.  To their union, five children were born.      
Lyle was baptized at the Hardtner Methodist Church in Hardtner, Kansas.  Lyle’s lifelong occupation was farming and ranching, but also had many passions including teaching, antique cars, working at the Sneary Motor Company dealership, working with his cattle, serving in the Woods County Mineral Owners Association, the Woods County GOP, Studebakers Drivers Club, and supporting FFA and young people.  He enjoyed spending time with his family, telling stories, and sharing his wisdom with many.      
He is survived by his wife, Jean Sneary, of the home; four children:  a son, Ed Sneary and wife, Monica of Allen, Texas; a son, Mark Sneary and wife, Venus, of Garber, Oklahoma; a daughter Karen Sneary and fiancé, Tim Tuck, of Edmond, Oklahoma; a son, Steve Sneary and wife, Ashlee, of Alva, Oklahoma; two beloved grandsons, Cooper and Connor, of Alva, Oklahoma; a brother, Gary Sneary, of Jacksonville, Mississippi and a number of other nephews, nieces, cousins, and many friends.      
Lyle was preceded in death by a son, Duane; his parents Arlie and Clara Clarine, and his brother, Edd.    
Memorials may be made to the Alva Goldbug Education Foundation or the Oklahoma FFA Foundation to continue Lyle’s support of young people furthering their education.     
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			