 Graveside services for Eva Lou Milledge, 95, will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, April 2, 2014, at Memorial Hill Cemetery north of Waynoka. Memorial services will be 1:00 p.m. Wednesday at the Freedom United Methodist Church with Rev. Scott Ware and Jeff Ralston officiating. Services are under the arrangement of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  Eva Lou Milledge, daughter of the late Lewis and Ida May (Prigmore) Olson, was born February 4, 1919, at Freedom, Oklahoma, and passed away March 28, 2014, at Ada, Oklahoma.  Eva Lou attended Freedom High School and graduated with the Class of 1939. She attended Northwestern State College. She taught school at a number of rural schools in Woods County. On May 11, 1944, she was united in marriage to George Milledge, Jr. She worked in the Woods County Treasurer’s Office. Throughout their marriage they lived in Alva, Avard, Waynoka, Dacoma, and Greenfield.  Eva Lou attended the Waynoka First Christian Church, was a member of the Freedom United Methodist Church, and a member of Avard Rebecca Lodge. She loved traveling, collecting rocks and Indian artifacts, and camping with her husband, George and friends. She was a talented artist&nbsp;who painted and displayed her talent in many local art shows.  Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, George; her son, Dennis; her brother and his wife, Wilbur and Edna Olson; two sisters, Nena Wardrop and Mildred Olson; and one brother-in-law, Gail Johnson.  Eva Lou is survived by her daughter, Carol Naberhaus and husband, Bill, of Stratford, Oklahoma, two sisters, Urmal Johnson of Alva, and Maxine Houston and husband, Corky, of Alva; two brothers, Alden Olson and wife, Leta, of Pampa, Texas, and Neil Olson and wife, Pat, of Laneville, Texas; one brother-in-law, Foy Wardrop of Freedom, and her sister-in-law, Mary Myers of Yukon.  Also surviving are two grandchildren, Jill Kubera and husband, Eric, of Fulsher, Texas, and Joe Naberhaus of Edmond; six great grandchildren, Owen, Jordan, and Nathan Kubera, and Will, Ryan, and Ella Naberhaus of Edmond; other relatives and friends.  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom United Methodist Church. 
			