Funeral services for Pearl Marie McMurphy will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, November 13, 2009, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale and Rev. William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Preston Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Pearl Marie McMurphy, daughter of the late Francis Marion and Myrtle Violet (Moore) Erikson, was born May 30, 1913, on the farm northwest of Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away November 10, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 96 years, 5 months, and 10 days. 	 Pearl attended school at Faulkner and Blackwell before graduating from Alva High School.  She then obtained her teaching certificate from Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  On November 23, 1935, she was united in marriage to Don Gaylord McMurphy at Judge Glazier?s house in Alva.  They made their home on their farm northwest of Alva where they farmed and ranched.  She also worked at the ASCS Office, Munson Hatchery, and was a substitute teacher at Farry School. 	 She was a member of the Farry Helpers Club and Farry Quilters.  She was involved in organizing the first Farry Class Reunion.  She liked working with numbers and did the tax returns for her family for many years. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Don; five brothers, Irish Erikson, William Erikson, Virgil Erikson, Howard Erikson, and F. M. Erikson, Jr.; and four sisters, Opal Kowing, Irene McKenzie, Mabel Kokendoffer, and infant Georgia Erikson; and one infant great grandson, Nicholas Ira Harzman. 	 Pearl is survived by her daughter, Sherry Dee Harzman of Alva; one brother, Earl Erikson of Alva, one sister, Lorna Dee Phillips of Alva; a daughter by choice, Lois Brown of Alva; five grandchildren, Don Harzman and wife, Liz, of Cleveland, Alan Harzman of Alva, Clint Harzman and wife, Debbie, of Alva, Gina Harzman of Denver, Colorado, and Lance Harzman and wife, Melissa, of Alva; ten great grandchildren, Cheyenne, Tristan and Gabe Harzman, Ali Harzman and mother, Courtney, Kelsey Bryant and husband, Mike, Clansy, and Ethan Harzman; Jacob King, and Kylee and Kinsey Harzman; three great great grandchildren, Cambri, Michael, and Macey; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom Fire Department or the Freedom Ambulance Service. 
			