NOTE:  CHANGE OF LOCATION FOR FUNERAL SERVICE.    
  Funeral services for Mary Jones will be 2:00 p.m., Tuesday, August 19, 2014, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel in Alva with President Adrick Johnson officiating. There will be a family visitation Monday evening 7:00- 8:00 p.m. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  	    
Mary Kaaloa Kekauoha was born January 19, 1942, at Kahaku, Hawaii, to Randolph  Hosea and Helen Lily Moike Kekauoha, and passed away on August 14, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 72 years, 6 months, and 25 days.  	    
Mary was united in marriage to Ted D. Jones on December 16, 1961, at Laie, Oahu, Hawaii. To this union four sons were born: Teddy, Sam, William “Bill”, and James “Jim”. They made their home in Hawaii, Fairview, Buffalo, and Waynoka before settling in Alva for the past 33 years.  	    
Mary was a lifelong member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Church. She was an LPN and worked at many nursing homes including Share Convalescent Home, Fairview Nursing Home and Buffalo Nursing Home. Mary enjoyed crocheting and quilting. Each grandchild received a quilt she made for them.  	    
Being a native Hawaiian, Mary shared and maintained her heritage by hosting Hawaiian Luau’s at community events; entertaining all in the art of the Hawaiian culture by performing the native Hawaiian dance “Hula”.  	    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one brother, William Kekauoha, and one granddaughter, Chelsea Jones.  	    
Mary is survived by her husband, Ted, of Alva; four sons, Teddy Jones of Beatrice, Nebraska, Sam Jones and wife, Tamara, of Alva, William “Bill” Jones and wife, Jody, of Hominy, and James “Jim” Jones of Waynoka; three brothers, Sam Kekauoha and wife, Claudia, of Laie, Hawaii,  Randy Kekauoha and wife, Donette, of Laie, Hawaii, and Hosea Kekauoha and wife, Maile, of California; one sister, Helen Kahwaii of California.  	    
Also surviving are ten grandchildren, Breanna Jones of Kremlin, Landon Jones of Nebraska, Braden Jones of Oregon, Leimana, Kanani, and Kylee Jones, all of Alva, Zachary and Rhett Jones, both of Enid, Jamie McAlister and husband, Josh, of Enid, and Jack Jones of Alva; three great grandchildren, Laila and Laker Easley and Cole Dean Jones; a daughter-in-law, Judy Jones of Alva; other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contribution may be made through the funeral home to Share Convalescent Home for the Alzheimer Unit. 
			