Funeral services for Flossie May Barker will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, June 1, 2007, at the Northside Church of Christ in Waynoka, with Mike Marsalis officiating.  Interment will be at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Flossie May Barker, daughter of the late John G. And Florence May (Lappin) Corbin, was born May 31, 1910, in the Galena community southeast of Waynoka, and passed away May 29, 2007, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 96 years, 11 months, and 29 days.  
Flossie was a ?Daughter of the Cherokee Strip? because her mother made the Cherokee Outlet Land Run in 1893 and staked a claim in Woods County.  
When Flossie was 3 years old, the Corbins moved to Clinton, Missouri, taking all their belongings with them on the train. After a few years, they again moved by train, going to eastern Colorado.  Flossie started school in Colorado.  When Flossie was 10, the family returned to their farm in Oklahoma, this time by car, driven by her brother Charlie.  Her father accompanied their livestock and belongings on the train to Carmen, Oklahoma.  
Flossie graduated from the 8th grade at Twin Oak country school.  She attended one year of high school at Northwestern Normal School, and boarded at a home in Alva during the school year.  
On June 4, 1928, she married Fred Lawrence Barker at Cherokee, Oklahoma.  They lived on their farm four miles east of Waynoka until Fred?s death on July 16, 1962.  They had 3 children, Teddie, Carol and Sandra.  Fred and Flossie were active in the Walnut Grove community activities and the National Grange.  Flossie was baptized, and attended the Springdale Church of Christ.  She was a Girl Scout leader, band parent, FHA parent, room mother, and busy with her family.  She loved to sew and had beautiful flowers in her yard.  She was a wonderful cook.  
In 1973 Flossie moved to Waynoka.  She enjoyed playing canasta and traveling with friends to many places, including Canada, Mexico, Europe, and Hawaii, as well as many other places in the United States.  
Flossie was a member of the Northside Church of Christ, and served on the Waynoka Public Library board for many years.  She was a charter member of the Little Sahara Art Guild and the Waynoka Historical Society, and was a member of S.E.B. Federated Women?s Club.  She was employed at C.R. Anthony Co. and the Waynoka Nursing Center.  
Besides her parents and brother and sisters, Flossie was preceded in death by her husband, Fred, her son, Teddie, and two sons-in-law, Elvin King and Dr. Rex Olson.  
She is survived by her daughters, Carol King and Sandra Olson both of Waynoka; eight grandchildren, Kim Barker and his wife, Norene, of Waynoka, Kelly Barker and his wife, Debra, of Edmond, Oklahoma, Bill Barker and his wife, Carol, of Reimstein, Germany, Jo Ann Barker Brown and her husband, Jim, of Meade, Kansas, E.D. King and his wife, Susan, of Fort Worth, Texas, Dr. Kent King and his wife, Abby, of Duncan, Oklahoma, Brenda Olson Sikes and her husband, Steddon, of York, Nebraska, and Brian Olson and his wife, Jen, of Stillwater, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are her daughter-in-law, Jean Barker of Waynoka; 19 great grandchildren; 4 great great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.	Memorial contributions may be made to Children of the King, 1401 W.Main, Duncan, OK 73533, York College, 1125 East Eighth, York, NE 68467, the Waynoka Historical Society, P.O. Box 193, Waynoka, OK 73860, or the charity of your choice. 
			