Funeral services for Emma June Jordan will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, June 10, 2010, at the Alva Church of the Nazarene with Rev. William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family from 6-8 p.m. Wednesday, June 9, 2010. 	 Emma June (Hiett) Jordan, daughter of Mary Ruth (Beadles) Hiett and the late Charles Hiett, was born August 25, 1944, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away on June 7, 2010, at Oklahoma City, at the age of 65 years, 9 months, and 13 days. 	 Emma graduated from Alva High School and later attended Northwestern State College for two years. On August 15, 1964, she was united in marriage to Larry Russell Jordan at Alva, Oklahoma. To this union two sons, Adam and Michael, were born. 	 After Adam was born they moved to Tulsa where she worked at Flair?s Flower Shop and was active at the Central Church of the Nazarene.  After 13 years, Emma and Larry moved back to Alva and she became decorator and housekeeping supervisor at Beadles Nursing Home.  She and Larry then decided to go back to school at the University of Oklahoma and get their administrator?s license. After obtaining their licenses they became the administrators of Beadles Nursing Home until their deaths. 	 Emma was a longtime member of the Alva Church of the Nazarene and was active with the NYI, a Sunday school teacher, and served on the church board until her health failed in the last few years. She loved cooking, decorating her house with the seasons, and making Christmas candy and delivering it on Christmas Eve. 	 After Larry?s death in 2001, Emma took over his seat on the city council for many years. She was also on the board of the Oklahoma State Board of Long Term Care Examiners until recently.  In 1999, she was awarded the Nursing Home Administrator of the Year by the Oklahoma Association of Health Care Providers. 	 Besides her father and her husband, she was preceded in death by a brother, Billy Dean Hiett; a nephew, Robby Lynch; and a niece, Janice Terres. 	 Emma is survived by her sons, Adam Jordan and wife, Dayna, of Alva, and Michael Jordan and friend, Corey Thompson and her daughter, Libby, of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; her mother, Ruth Hiett of Alva; her brother, Marion Hiett and wife, Barbara, of Alva; her sisters, Charlotte Swain and husband, Roy, of Alva, and Marietta Lynch and husband, Doug, of Guthrie; two grandsons, Blake Jordan and Seth Jordan both of Alva; other relatives and many friends. 	 In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Church of the Nazarene Haiti Mission Trip Fund. 
			