Funeral services for Margie Stewart will be 2:00 p.m., Monday, February 20, 2012, at the Cleo Springs United Methodist Church with Rev. Rachel Parrott and Rev. Scott Huesel officiating. Interment will be in the Aline Star Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC, Carmen.  
Margie Geraldine (Callen) Stewart, daughter of  Lena (Lowery) Callen and the late Albie W. Callen, was born on March 9, 1932, at Filmore, Oklahoma, and passed away on February 15, 2012, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 11 months, and 6 days.  
Margie grew up in the Durant and Filmore area and graduated from Russell High School in Durant in 1950. Later she graduated from Central State Beauty College and was a hairdresser for many years. She had a beauty shop in Oklahoma City and then later at the Fairview Nursing Home until she retired.  She was married to Lloyd Doty on April 4, 1960, and they made their home in Aline. He preceded her in death in 1993. On April 26, 1996, she was united in marriage to Jerry Stewart and they made their home on the farm west of Carmen.   
Margie was a member of the Cleo Springs United Methodist Church. She enjoyed gardening and had beautiful flower beds, and enjoyed oil painting, crocheting, reading the Bible, and spending time with her family and friends.  She was also very proud of her Chickasaw Indian heritage.  
She was preceded in death by her father, and her husband, Lloyd Doty.  
Margie is survived by her husband, Jerry, of Carmen; two sons, David Shipp of Blanchard and Monte Doty and wife, Bobbi, of Enid; one daughter, Darlene Graham and husband, Dr. James Graham, of Fairfax; one stepson, Chuck Morstain of Carmen; one stepdaughter, Penny Gentry and husband, Robert, of Phoenix, Arizona; her mother, Lena Welch of Cleo Springs; and one brother, Larry Callen and wife, Myra, of Stratford and their two daughters, Holly Elliott and husband, Daren, of Chandler, Arizona, and Lori Goss and husband, Mike, of Allen, Texas.  
Also surviving are twelve grandchildren, Shelli Cook and husband, John, of Edmond, Joshua Shipp of Blanchard, Mark Shipp and wife, Kristi, of Tuttle, Steven Shipp of Blanchard, Justin Bush and wife, Shannon, of Yale, Matthew Bush of Fairfax, Micah Young and husband, Travis, of Stillwater, Jared Doty, J.D. Doty, and Jesse Doty all of Enid, and Shayla Gentry and Courtney Gentry both of Phoenix; ten great grandchildren; a very dear lifelong friend that she thought of as a sister, Margie Faye King of Milburn, Oklahoma; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cleo Springs United Methodist Church. 
			