Funeral services for Mary Emma Bell Kriegh will be 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, June 9, 2009, at the Bible Baptist Church with Rev. John Clapp officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family at the funeral home from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. on Monday evening, June 8th.  
Mary Emma Bell Kriegh, daughter of the late Thomas Jefferson and Martha Luella (Woods) Cantrell, was born June 19, 1926, at Strickler, Arkansas, and passed away June 6, 2009, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years, 11 months, and 16 days.  
Emma attended school at Waldron and graduated from Spring High School.  She then attended Enid Bible College.  On July 21, 1947, she was united in marriage to Alfred Angelo Kriegh at Alva.  She worked as a cook at Beadles Nursing Home, an aide at Share Convalescent Center, and at the Triangle Restaurant.  
Emma attended the Alva Bible Baptist Church.  She was a member of the Order of the Eastern Star at Alva and Cherokee.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Alfred; four brothers; and two sisters.  
Emma is survived by one son, Alfred Kriegh and wife, Kelly, of Vine Grove, Kentucky; three daughters, Mary McDonald and husband, Jim, of Cherokee; Janet Speaker and husband, Galen, of Carmen; and Ellen Howe and husband, Tom, of Normal, Illinois; one brother, Carlos Cantrell of Anthony, Kansas; and one sister, Velma Miller of Manchester, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are twelve grandchildren; Mark McDonald of Cherokee, Claudia Wheeler of Cherokee, LaDonna Hensley and husband, Michael, of Cherokee, Timothy Speaker and wife, Lori, of Enid, David Speaker and wife, Wendi, of Alva, Katherine Tripp and husband, George, of Enid, Jeremy Speaker of Carmen, Bennie Speaker of Carmen, Timothy Kriegh and wife, Jolene, of Alva, Michael Kriegh and wife, Jessica, of Alva, Jake Kriegh of Vine Grove, Kentucky, and Kyle Kriegh of Vine Grove, Kentucky; thirteen great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Diabetes research or the Alva Bible Baptist Church. 
			