Funeral services for Ernest Dixon will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, January 25, 2013, at the First United Methodist Church in Alva with Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.  A graveside service will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, January 26, 2013, at Elmhurst Cemetery in Guymon under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Ernest Ewel Dixon was born February 12, 1928, on the family farm north of Guymon, Oklahoma, the son of the late John Earl Dixon and Rosa (Henning) Dixon.  He passed away January 20, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 84 years, 11 months, and 8 days.      
He graduated from Guymon High School in 1948.  During his teens, he rode race horses and developed a love of flying.  At the age of 19, he owned and operated a portable roller skating rink.    
On December 18, 1952, he was united in marriage to Joyce Spear at Angola, Indiana.    
He served the United States Coast Guard during the Korean Conflict, attaining the rank of First Class Petty Officer.  He attended Oklahoma State University on the GI bill, graduating from OSU Technical School in 1958.  Upon graduation he assumed the management of a fledgling tv cable company in Alva, Oklahoma, a position he held for 30 years, until the company was sold in 1988.  At this time he became involved in Property management and was able to devote more time to his beloved race horses.  He entered into a racing partnership with two brothers, Oral and Gerald, and the three brothers and their wives enjoyed many years of traveling and companionship.    
His first love was family and the second his business entrepreneurship.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by a daughter, Laura Lee; a brother, John Dixon; a sister, Kay France; three sisters-in-law, Irma Dixon, Charlotte Dixon, and Vonda Dixon.    
He leaves to mourn his loss his wife of 60 years, Joyce, of Alva; a daughter and son-in-law, Debra and Scott Higbee of Dallas; and a granddaughter, Cori Madison Delay and her husband, Dallas of Dallas; brothers Oral and Gerald Dixon; sisters, Erlene Howell and Bonnie Winter and her husband, Don; and many extended family members and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Beadles Nursing Home Activity Fund or Share Hospice. 
			