Memorial services for Dolores P. Curtiss will be held on Saturday, August 28th at 10:00 a.m. in the Chapel of the Marshall Funeral Home.    
Dolores Curtiss, daughter of the late Fred and Louise (Bratt) Wacker, was born February 18, 1936 at Flint, Michigan, and transitioned to God on August 18, 2010, at her home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 74 years and 6 months.  
Dolores graduated from Adelphian Academy in Holly, Michigan.  On May 12, 1976, she was united in marriage to James R. Curtiss at Traverse City, Michigan.  
Dolores had an active and eventful life.  She was in the Collegians (singing group) during her school years and continued to sing in Michigan, California and Florida.  Dolores was a Director of the Florida Pathfinders (co-educational scouting).  She was an equestrian and large R dressage judge and instructor.  She was on the Florida State Champion "Silk and Sable? mounted drill team.  She received a trophy from the Michigan Trail Riders Association for riding across the State of Michigan in both directions, starting and finishing in the Great Lakes.  She worked for Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida in Human Resources for 15 years and retired from Walt Disney World in 2002.  Her husband, James, was a consultant and moved extensively, buying a home in Alva in November of 2006.  
A deeply spiritual lady, she was a member of the Seventh Day Adventist Church.  She was a member of The Florida Dressage Society.  She dearly loved working with and training horses, particularly dressage, which is the guiding of a horse through a series of complex maneuvers by slight movements of the rider?s hands, legs, and weight.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one daughter, Kim Noreen Hatfield; and one son, Michael James Curtiss.  
Dolores is survived by her husband, James Curtiss of Alva; one son, Robert C. Hatfield and his wife, Lynn of Carmen; three daughters, Kelly Resendiz of Alva, Christine Towles and husband, Jonathan of Corsicana, Texas, and Susie Curtiss, also of Corsicana, Texas; two brothers, Douglas Wacker, M.D. and his wife Dee, of Laingsburg, Michigan, and Duane Wacker, D.D.S. and his wife Charlene, of Grand Terrace, California.  
Also surviving are seven grandchildren, Kimberly Rowley and husband James, of Caldwell, Kansas; Jessica Rose, Sarah Lynn and James Curtland Hatfield of Carmen, Oklahoma; Nathan Mayes of Grove, Kansas, Wally and Brady Mayes of San Bernardino, California;  Nicole and Mary Margaret Towles and Harmony Curtiss of Corsicana, Texas.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Christian Broadcasting Network or the Alva Seventh Day Adventist Church.  
Remembrances and flowers may be shared with the family through Marshall Funeral Home at 230 Flynn Street, Alva, OK 73717 or at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com 
			