Funeral services for Cecil Lee Kragh will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, August 6, 2008, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. Max Ridgway and Rev. Ken Higgins officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Cecil Lee Kragh, son of the late Cecil Theodore and Mable Edith (Wylie) Kragh, was born September 1, 1928, at Quinlan, Oklahoma, and passed away August 3, 2008, at the Waynoka Nursing Center in Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 11 months, and 2 days.  
Lee attended school at Del Plain School before graduating from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1945. On November 7, 1948, he was united in marriage to Dorothy Mae Harris at Waynoka. He worked as a Deputy Sheriff for a time, then went to work as a Security Guard for Boeing Aircraft in Wichita. After his retirement from Boeing, they moved to Waynoka where he also ranched.  
Cecil attended the Waynoka Church of God and was a member of the West Side Church of the Nazarene in Wichita. He and Dorothy loved to raise and care for miniature horses.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother, Karl Kragh.  
Cecil is survived by his wife, Dorothy, of Waynoka; one daughter, Janet Faye McDonald and husband, Charles A. of Alva; one son, Gary Lee Kragh and wife, Andrea S. of Waynoka; one brother Jimmy Ray Kragh and wife, Gwen, of Norman; one sister, Sharon Kay Criswell, and husband, Dr. Robert G., of Belton, Texas; and one sister-in-law, Ramona Kragh of Mutual, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are six grandchildren, Kendra Raymer and husband, Ron, of Oklahoma City, Krista Kragh of Wichita, Kyle Trimble, Jennifer Trimble, Julie Trimble, all of Glenpool, and Gregory Trimble, of Norman, Oklahoma; two great grandchildren, Lance Kragh of Wichita, all of Glenpool, and Dustin Trimble of Norman; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka EMTs or the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Diabetes research. 
			