Funeral services for Laura M. Tanner will be 1:30 p.m. Thursday, January 22, 2009, at the Driftwood Christian Church with Rev. Dave Atzenweiler officiating.  Interment will be in the Apostolic Christian Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Laura Myrantha Tanner, daughter of the late Samuel David and Della (Fulks) Hester, was born January 15, 1917, at Guion, Arkansas, and went to be with the Lord on January 19, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 92 years and 4 days.  
Laura graduated from high school at Salina, Oklahoma with the class of 1937 and Bartlesville Beauty College in 1939.  On July 4, 1940, she was united in marriage to Ralph Arthur Tanner at Barnsdall, Oklahoma.  They lived several years at Neodesha, Kansas, then in 1946 moved to the Burlington area, where they farmed.  Laura also owned and operated a beauty shop in her home until 1970.  After their retirement in 1972, they moved to Donna, Texas, then in 1977 to Perry, Oklahoma and in 1985 to Enid.  
She was a member of the Driftwood Christian Church, then later the Oakwood Christian Church.  Laura enjoyed painting and her flowers.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by 11 brothers and sisters, Ola, Zelda, Lola, Grace, May, Veda, Hayden, Houston, Hubert, Jim, and Shelby.  
Laura is survived by her husband, Ralph Tanner of Alva; two sons, Richard Tanner and wife, Frances, of Burlington, Oklahoma, and Frank Tanner of Grover Beach, California; five grandchildren, Elizabeth Thiessen and husband, Kent, of Broken Arrow, Deborah Gardner and husband, Clint, of Pryor, and Annette Messenger and husband, Shannon, of Ponca City, John Tanner and wife, Melanie, of Mustang, and Kaylyn Mashlan and husband, Daniel, of Midwest City; eleven great grandchildren, Sydney, Mackenzie, Avery, Kara, Tanner, Ashlyn, Caden, Hunter, Jordan, Jackson, and Zoe; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cherokee First Baptist Church Youth Group; the Driftwood Christian Church Youth Group, or the Burlington School Foundation. 
			