Mabel Bouziden, daughter of the late Solomon and Munzar (Shaddy) Bouziden, was born November 18, 1917, ten miles west of Aline, Oklahoma.  She  passed away May 29, 2006, at Share Convalescent Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 88 years, 6 months, and 11 days.  
After attending Cedarville School, Mabel started her young womanhood working at various clothing boutiques where she acquired her keen fashion sense and love for clothes.  While other women in her era were getting married, Mabel was buying and selling real estate.  In 1959, Mabel and her sister, Anna Wilson, purchased the Ken Motel in Alva which they operated until 1977.  She then purchased real estate in Enid and Oklahoma City and in 1996, at the age of 78, Mabel purchased her first farm.  
Although Mabel never had children of her own, she had a special niece, Anna Rae Thrash, whom she raised while her sister, Anna ran the Goltry Cash Store, and that brown-eyed girl was the apple of Mabel?s eye.  
Mabel loved to travel with her best friend and sister, Della Gisson and traveling they did? Las Vegas will never be the same.  
Mabel was a member of St. James Catholic Church in Oklahoma City and Alva Sacred Heart Church.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by seven brothers, Albert, Isaac, Mike, Jess, Jesse, Johnny, and Sol Bouziden; three sisters, Sadie Abraham, Anna Wilson, Della Gisson, and her beloved niece, Anna Rae Thrash.   
Mabel was the last of the first generation of Bouzidens born in the United States.  She is survived by nieces and nephews and their families.  
Mabel will always be known as that classy lady who was dressed to the nine?s wherever she went. She will be missed by all that knew her.  
A vigil service will be held Friday, June 2, 2006 at 7:00 p.m. at the Sacred Heart Catholic Church.  The Mass of Christian Burial will be Saturday, June 3, 2006, at 10:00 a.m. at the Sacred Heart Catholic Church with Father Shane Tharp, celebrant.  Burial will follow in the Sacred Heart Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Sacred Catholic Church and the Charles Morton Share Trust. 
			