Funeral service for Alice Rachel (Smith) Shook, will be at 2:00 p.m., Tuesday, February 19, 2008, at the Dacoma Church of God with Rev. Connie Kinnard officiating and Rev. Earl Metcalf assisting.  Interment will be in the Preston Hill Cemetery under the direction of the Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation for family and friends, Monday, February 18, 2008, from 7:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.	  
Alice Rachel Smith Shook, daughter of John Freeman and Gladys Evelyn (Mapes) Smith was born May 29, 1940 at the old Smith Farm and went home on February 13, 2008, at Cherokee Manor, Cherokee, Oklahoma, at the age of 67 years, 8 months and 15 days.  
Alice was raised in the Farry Community and was the last Bulldog to graduate with the class of 1957 (at age 16, a fact she loved to mention).  During her Bulldog years, she loved sports, especially softball and basketball.  After high school graduation, Alice graduated from the Venus Beauty Academy in Wichita, the following July.  
On December 19, 1958, Alice married the family friend, Wilburn Lee Shook, at the Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church with Reverend Robert Farley officiating.  The couple would often joke that she married Wilburn, but he married Norma as the preacher mispronounced her name.   
Following their marriage, the Shooks made their home in Wyoming for several years.  They lived in Worland, Riverton and Lander.  While living in  Riverton, Alice met her lifelong friend and kindred sister, Bev Nelson and her husband, Wes.  During her years in Wyoming, Alice had her greatest joys, her daughters, Gladys Mae and Rebecca Lynn.  Alice loved being a mother.  
In the spring of 1973, the family moved back to Oklahoma and made their home in Dacoma.  Alice worked at Carmen High School as a cook from 1974 to 1980.  She then worked in the Dacoma elementary Lunchroom from 1980 until she was disabled due to diabetes, in 1992.  
Alice had a good life, a life that brought so much love to others.  She enjoyed sewing, reading, painting, spending time with her family and going to church.  Alice was a life long Christian and attended Cedar Grove Wesleyan, the Nazarene Church in Lander, and the Dacoma Church of God where she was baptized with four generations of her family.  
She was preceded in death by her brother, Gerald in 1973,  her father, John, in 1977,  her brother, Stanley in 1994, her mother, Gladys in 2001, and her nephew, Russell Smith, in 2007.  
Alice is survived by her husband, Wilburn of the home, her three daughters Gladys Mae Bradford of the home, and Rebecca Lynn Bebermeyer of Dacoma; Rebecca Susanne Shook, of the home, granddaughters Cassie and Ricky Glenn of Cunningham, Kansas, Michele and Amanda Harmon, both of Dacoma; two great grandchildren, Payton and Paxton Glenn, her sister, Wilma Goodman and her husband Raus; a brother Glen Smith and his wife, Nancy, of Carmen, and one sister-in-law, Esther Smith Caywood.  Alice leaves behind numerous nieces, nephews, cousins and countless friends.  
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Dacoma Church of God. 
			