Funeral services for Morgan Douglas Harris will be 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, January 3, 2012, at the Freedom United Methodist Church with Rev. Scott Ware officiating.  Interment will be in the Freedom Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Morgan Douglas Harris, son of the late Reece Zearl and Pauline (Christian) Harris, was born May 29, 1934, at Coldwater, Kansas, and passed away December 31, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 77 years, 7 months, and 2 days.  
Morgan attended school in Arkansas before moving to Freedom and graduating from Freedom High School.  In July, 1954, he was united in marriage to Arnetta Lee Adkins at Freedom.  They lived in Freedom where he worked as a roughneck and ranched for many years.  In 1970, they moved to Waynoka.  In the early 1980&amp;s they moved back to Freedom where they operated the Freedom Hardware.  Arnetta preceded him in death.  
On July 22, 1988, he was united in marriage to Betty Maxine Case-Davison at Freedom.  They continued to live in Freedom until his death.  
Morgan was a member of the Freedom United Methodist Church, the Old Cow Hands Association, Freedom Chamber of Commerce, and the Senior Citizens.  He enjoyed woodworking and gardening.  He was always available to help his neighbors with minor repairs around the house.  
Besides his parents and his first wife, Arnetta, he was preceded in death by his sister, Jessie Mae Harris;  an infant great granddaughter, Rylee Maree Welch; and grandson-in-law, Eric Lynch.  
Morgan is survived by his wife, Betty, of Freedom, one son, Anthon Davison and wife, Denise, of Brazil; four daughters, Jane Adair and husband, Bryce of Waynoka, Paula Fuqua and husband, Johnny, of Waynoka, Andra Smith and husband, Don, of Woodward, and Arlene Stauffer and husband, Kim, of Ponca City; one brother, Zearl Harris and wife, Sharon, of Alva; 16 grandchildren, Matt Adair and wife, Kasey, Adam Adair and wife, Amy, Shannon Wood and husband, Tyler, Arista Lopp and husband, Dusty, Erica Lynch, Morgan Welch, Charles Woods and wife, Carime, John Russell Fuqua and wife, Nicole, Katie Joe Irwin and husband, Kevin, Tacia Rogers, Dana Brown, Gina Smith, Amy Ochs and husband, Dustin, Carol Hickey and husband, Daniel, Kevin Stauffer, and Christopher Davison; 28 great grandchildren; two brothers-in-law, Bob Case and wife, Nancy, of Alva and James Adkins and wife, Beverly, of Buffalo; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom Fire Department or the Freedom Ambulance Service. 
			