Funeral services for Frank Elvest Fisher will be 1:30 p.m. Monday, November 17, 2008, at the Alva Wesleyan Church with Pastor Dr. Charles Dunn officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Frank Elvest Fisher, son of the late Martha (Wilkinson) and Charles Alvador Fisher, was born October 9, 1912, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away November 13, 2008, at Edmond, Oklahoma.  
Frank attended the Sunnyside School District #91.  After the 8th grade, he went to work building roads with a four horse team pulling a 5 foot Fresno.  
Frank was married to Josephine Dunn on August 1, 1933.  To this union, three children were born, Sammie, Kathy, and Tom.  
Frank worked at the Alva Roller Mill and then in 1943, he leased a ranch of 1,120 acres 12 miles north of Waynoka where he raised wheat and cattle for 34 years.  
Frank was president of the Missouri Valley School Board and also the Waynoka School Board.  Frank was president of the Community Telephone Line owned by the farmers until the dial systems were installed.  Frank served several terms on the A.S.C. committee, chosen by his neighbors.  
Frank was converted to Christ in 1958, and joined the Alva Wesleyan Methodist Church where he served in several positions, teacher, board member and board of stewards.  
In 1977, Frank and Josephine retired to Alva and he continued to help friends with harvest and field work.  
Besides his parents, Frank was preceded in death by his wife, Josephine, in February, 2000; 6 brothers, Bill, Bert, Charlie, Chance, Jake, and Gilbert; and four sisters, Anna, Gertrude, Lois and Jane.  
Frank is survived by his three children, Sammie Snell and husband, Verlyn, Kathy Chirico, and Tom Fisher and wife, Deena; one brother, Louis and wife, Vernette, of Las Vegas, Nevada; one sister-in-law, Phyllis Fisher; and one brother-in-law, Dr. Charles Dunn and wife, Carol.  
Also surviving are nine grandchildren and their families, Anne Heinrich and husband, Dwight, Alathea Voss and husband, Steve, Ardeth Arman and husband,  John, Stephanie Payahsape and husband, Billy, Diana Hood and husband, Don, Eleni Sutton and husband, Dub, DeeAnna Michelle Werner and husband, Richard, Carrie Denise Sober and husband, Joe, and William Michael Fleck and fianc?, Sarah Bailey; 20 great grandchildren, Reid, Aaron and Travis Heinrich, Taylor, Jordan and Chandler Voss, Lydia Hornbacker, Audrey, Austin, and Allison Arman, Lauren Hoffman, Parker and Presley Payahsape, Courtney and Ryan Hood, Richard Earl Werner, Kayla Rosa Werner, Kadence Denise Sober, Elisha Yarbrough and husband, Steve, and Marcie Pearson and husband, Derick; four great great grandchildren, Larilei and Landry Yarbrough, and Krieston and Taryn Pearson; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Frank and Josephine Fisher Scholarship fund at Oklahoma Wesleyan University. 
			