Funeral services for Glenda Curry will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, March 13, 2010, at the Helena Church of Christ with Lindal Bolin officiating. Interment will follow in the Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC, of Carmen. 	 Glenda Maxine (Camp) Curry, daughter of the late Homer James and Ada (Kisner) Camp, was born April 14, 1917, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away March 8, 2010, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 92 years, 10 months, and 22 days. 	 Glenda attended Twin Oaks Grade School and later attended Waynoka High School.  On September 12, 1936, she was united in marriage to Ira Leroy Curry at Alva, Oklahoma.  To this union five children were born: Harvey, Garry, James, Linda, and Irala.  They made their home at Galena before moving to the Carmen area in 1949. Glenda has lived the past five years at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva, Oklahoma. 	 She was a member of the Helena Church of Christ. Glenda loved spending time with her family and especially with her grandchildren and great grandchildren. She also enjoyed crocheting and embroidery. 	 Besides her parents and husband, Ira, she was preceded in death by one son, James Curry; and one granddaughter, Malissa Curry. 	 Glenda is survived by two sons, Harvey Curry and wife, Leslie, of Carmen, and Garry Curry of Alva; two daughters, Linda Shepard and husband, Ron, of Cherokee, and Irala Magee and husband, Steve, of Alva; one sister, Verda Lee Haltom of Vinita. 	 Also surviving are nine grandchildren, William Curry and wife, Shaena, Roger Curry, and David Curry and wife, Kellie, all of Carmen, Rae Lynn McCullough and husband, Mike, of Tarpon Springs, Florida, Marenda Eslinger and husband, James, of Oklahoma City, Audra Qualls and husband, Chris, of Mustang, Valerie Curry of Enid, Angela Shelton and husband, Ryan, of Ponca City, and Pamela Magee of Alva; seven great grandchildren, Bryan Curry of Birmingham, Alabama, Matthew Curry and Alex Curry of Waynoka, Emma Curry and Christin Curry of Carmen, Andrew Shelton and Ezra Shelton of Ponca City; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Carmen First Responders or the Helena Church of Christ. 
			