Funeral services for Roy Russell Jackson will be 11:00 a.m. Monday, March 25, 2013, at the Alva Wesleyan Church with Pastor John Smith and Rev. Max Colaw officiating.      
  There will be a visitation with the family from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m. Sunday at the funeral home.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  	    
Roy Russell Jackson, son of the late Congrave and Sadie (Easterly) Jackson, was born March 22, 1914, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away March 21, 2013, one day short of his 99th birthday.  	    
Roy graduated from Alva Normal School.  On August 2, 1932, he was united in marriage to Alice Beulah Hada at Alva.  They lived on the farm southwest of Alva until 1966 when they built a home in Alva.  They farmed and ranched together for 70 years.  He also worked several years at the Alva Roller Mill.  Roy and Alice were the first to sign up for moving into the Homestead, even before it was built.  	    
He was a member of the Alva Wesleyan Church.  He served on the Alva Farmer’s Cooperative board several years, including serving as president.  In his later years, he was also a member of the Board of Directors at Oklahoma Wesleyan University.  	    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Alice; two brothers, Ted Jackson and Bill Jackson; and two sisters, Constance Sherman and Georgia Sievers.  	    
Roy is survived by two sons, James Lee “Jim” Jackson and wife, Eressia, of Agra, Oklahoma, and Timm Conroy Jackson and wife, Karen, of Jefferson, Texas; one daughter, Peggy Louise Wells and husband, Jerry, of Amarillo, Texas; nine grandchildren, Dr. Christy Jackson of San Diego, California, Anne Alvarez and husband, Richard, of Ft. Worth, Texas, Dr. Derrick Skaggs of Tulsa, Jana May and husband, Mike, of Albuquerque, New Mexico, Robbie Davis and husband, Tony, of Amarillo, Jennifir Taylor and husband, Chuck of Memphis, Tennessee, Jina Olbinski and husband, Michael, of Phoenix, Arizona, Cindy Ray and husband, Keith, of Bixby, and Chris Wells and wife, Ellen, of Irving, Texas; 17 great grandchildren, Jessica Dockstader, Daniel Alvarez, Andrew Alvarez, Amanda Skaggs, Kaitlyn Skaggs, Colton Skaggs, Brett Stout and wife, Hannah, Sara Pipes, Seth Davis, Lauren Paull and husband, Casey, Marshall Ray, Madeline Wells, Maxfield Wells, Jackson Taylor, Kayleigh Taylor, Lyla Olbinski, and Eli Olbinski; one great great grandchild, McKinley Paull; other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Wesleyan Church 
			