Memorial services for Betty Jean Green will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, April 11, 2012, in Woodward at the Lincoln Avenue Baptist Church, 5th Street Campus with Pastor Jason Dirks officiating.  She was cremated at her request under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  
Betty Jean Green, daughter of the late Norman Wesley and Mae Luella (Seachris) Huffman, was born July 23, 1933, at the family home place near Avard Oklahoma, and passed away March 16, 2012, at Woodward, Oklahoma, at the age of 78 years, 7 months, and 23 days.  
Besides her parents she was preceded in death by her husband, Lewis Franklin Green; her son, Bill Dean Irwin; her sister, Janice Bush; her brother, Norval Lee Huffman; one great grandson, Brandon Jimmy Powell; her brother-in-law, Craig Brandel; and her nephew, David Gibson.  
Betty is survived by two daughters, Debbie Whitmire and husband of Purcell, and Becky Wares and husband, Kyle of Freedom; one sister, Judy Brandel of Elk City; her sister-in-law, Deanna Huffman of Wichita; seven grandchildren, Mandy Castleman and husband of Purcell, Patrick Irwin and wife, Crystal of Edmond, and Geoffrey Irwin and wife, Denica, of Purcell, April Patrick and husband, Caleb, of Woodward, Benjamin Longoria and wife, Nicole, of Woodward, Joshua Longoria and wife, Megan, of Follett, Texas, and Harley Wares of Freedom; 18 great grandchildren, Nathan Powell, Bethany Powell, Nyomi Barrick, Elizabeth Powell, Ceairra Gulliford, Amber Irwin, Cayden Longoria, Jacee Brummett, Tallison Gulliford, Kaden Powell, Taylen Patrick, Isaiah Washington, Erica Irwin, Weston Longoria, Shelby "Sweetie Pie? Patrick, Maddlynn Longoria, Raven Irwin, and Joshua Daniel "J.D.? Longoria; several close friends; other relatives and friends.  
Nanny is finally going home to meet her maker and her loving family.  She will be missed dearly.  We love you, Nanny.  
Memorial contributions may be made to the Lincoln Baptist Church in Woodward.  
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			