Funeral services for Mildred W. Arndt will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, September 30, 2009, at the Alva Church of God with Rev. Bob Brown officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Mildred W. Arndt, daughter of the late Thomas Brady and Alice Myrtle (Rost) Wilson, was born April 21, 1913, at Oakley, Idaho, and passed away September 27, 2009, at Wellington, Kansas, at the age of 96 years, 5 months, and 14 days.  
Mildred graduated from Lambert High School.  On April 19, 1937, she was united in marriage to Arthur Arndt at the Cedar Grove Parsonage northwest of Alva.  They lived northwest of Alva most of their married life.  They continued to live on the farm until 1997 at which time they retired and moved to Alva. They lived together until Arthur?s passing in 2001.  She spent the last year and five months in Wellington, Kansas with her son, Danny.  
She was a member of the Cedar Grove Church where she taught Sunday School and then attended the Alva Church of God after moving to Alva.  She enjoyed quilting and loved to bake, having won several Blue Ribbons with her baking skills.  There was more to Mildred than just great cooking.  She was a loving wife and caring mother.  Family was always a priority for Mildred.  She was a hard worker and loved to be alongside "Art? as his right hand man doing chores around the farm.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by four brothers, Otto Wilson, Lester Wilson, Leo Wilson, and Herbert Wilson. 	Mildred is survived by two sons, Danny Arndt and wife, Linda, of Wellington, Kansas, and Ken Arndt and wife, Sandi, of Florida; and one daughter, Devona McMurphy and husband, Robert, of Alva.  
Also surviving are four grandchildren, Whitney Newberry and husband, Jason, of Wellington, Kansas, and Julianna, Beau, and Lillian Arndt, all of Florida; two great grandchildren, Baylee and Easton Newberry, both of Wellington, Kansas; her in-laws, Colleen Wilson of Idaho; Maynard and Kathryn Arndt of Alva; Thelma Tavis of Chandler, Arizona, and Hazel Farney of Mesa, Arizona; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Church of God. 
			