Funeral services for Pauline Estella Whitney will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, March 31, 2008, at the Waynoka First United Methodist Church with Rev. Don Hull officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Pauline Estella Whitney, daughter of the late Anderson W. and Lenola Ethel (Norman) Johnson, was born February 4, 1917, in Southeastern Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away March 27, 2008, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 91 years, 1 month, and 23 days.  
Pauline attended Twin Oakes rural school through the eighth grade and graduated from Waynoka High School in 1934 as the Salutatorian of her class.  On May 27, 1935, she was united in marriage to Vernon Everette Whitney at Alva.  They made their home on the family farm until moving to Waynoka in 1959.  She worked awhile at Miller?s Caf? and then at Thrift-T-Wise Supermarket for 12 years.  After that she helped her husband on the farm until her health began to fail.  Vernon passed away April 28, 2001.  
Pauline loved to sing and with her brother, Paul, who played the guitar, entertained at many rural school programs, nursing homes, and senior citizen affairs.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by five sisters, Tena Miller, Essie Strong, Ruby Unruh, Irene Webster, and Edna Mease; and three brothers, Harry, Paul, and Bill Johnson.  
Pauline is survived by three sons, Everette Whitney and his wife, Louise, of Waynoka, Lowell Whitney and his wife, Ladonna of Waynoka, and John Whitney and his wife, Jane, of Angleton, Texas; one daughter, Janice Earhart and her husband, Howard, of Waynoka, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are 12 grandchildren and their spouses, Angela Pearson and Dennis of Buffalo, Vernon Whitney and Mary of Clinton, Chris Whitney of Seattle, Washington, Mike Whitney and Connie of Burleson, Texas, Brian Whitney and Gwen of Waynoka, Brett Earhart of Waukomis, Lora Bromley and Gerald of Gardner, Kansas, Jeff Earhart and Stacy of Savannah, Georgia, Drew Earhart of Oceanside, California, Jill Craft and Ben of Lockhart, Texas, Jay Whitney and Tracy of Manville, Texas, and Jacquie Hornback and Bobby Joe of Lake Jackson, Texas; twenty-four great grandchildren and two great-great grand children;ther relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Nursing Home Activity Fund or the Waynoka First United Methodist Church. 
			