Funeral services for Opal Irene Treece will be 1:00 p.m. Monday, February 9, 2009, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw and Rev. Charles Newton officiating.  Interment will be in the IOOF Cemetery at Avard under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Opal Irene Treece, daughter of the late Frank Alfred and Mary Jane (Sims) Bergen, was born March 11, 1933, on the farm southeast of Avard, Oklahoma, and passed away February 5, 2009, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 75 years, 10 months, and 25 days.  
Opal graduated from Avard High School and received her degree in Elementary Education from Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  On August 9, 1953, she was united in marriage to Thomas Jesse Treece, Jr. at Alva, Oklahoma.  She began teaching in 1974 and taught in Braman, Barnsdall, Woodward, Ft. Supply, and Deer Creek-Lamont.    
Growing up, she was baptized in the Avard Christian Church.  She later attended the Morning Star Baptist Church and the Waynoka Christian Church.  She was active in the Senior Citizens Centers in Woodward and Alva.  She loved playing Bingo.  In her younger years, she loved to play all sports, and later she  enjoyed watching her children and grandchildren as they participated in their games.   
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Tom, in 1980; an infant son, Tex Robert Treece; and three brothers, Jim Bergen, John Bergen, and Raymond Bergen.  
Opal is survived by two sons, Tom Treece and wife, Shannon, of Waynoka, and Tim Treece of Kewanee, Illinois; four daughters, Kathy Treece Brown of Woodward, Patti Gaskill and husband, Rob, of Waynoka, Susan Ellis and husband, David, of Tonkawa; and Trudy Hoffman and husband, Bill, of Woodward; five sisters, Florene Rowland of Woodward, Hazel Lord and husband, Ernest of Moran, Kansas, Yvonne Manning of Washington, Oklahoma, Dora Jean Watts of Oklahoma City,  and Grace Chipman of Waynoka.  
Also surviving are 25 grandchildren, Billy Brown and wife, Tambi, of Enid, Kevin Brown of Enid, Tami Brown of Enid, and Jason Brown of Enid; Megan Moulder and husband, Josh, of Woodward, Adam Gaskill and wife, Mary, of Waynoka, Autumn Gaskill of Alva, Robbie Gaskill of Alva, Jordan Gaskill of Alva, T. J. Treece and wife, Chelsey of Woodward,  Shawna Schnoebelen and husband, Joel of Mooreland, Jenna Treece of Alva, Jimmy Treece of Wichita, Erin Treece of Tampa Bay, Florida, Tracy Johnson of Woodward, Jessica Treece of Kansas City, Patrick Treece of Mound City, Missouri, Tyler Ellis of Kingfisher, Cale Ellis of Seminole, Colby Ellis of Tonkawa, Trent Ellis of Tonkawa, Taylor Hoffman of Stillwater, Taitum Hoffman of Woodward, Baylee Hoffman of Woodward, and Will Hoffman of Woodward; 18 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Woods County Senior Citizen&amp;s Center or the Woodward Senior Citizen&amp;s Center. 
			