Funeral services for Monte Wayne Hayes will be 10:00 a.m. Monday, July 20, 2009, at the Elm and Murrow Church of Christ with Ray Hull officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Monte Wayne Hayes, son of the late Ivan D. and Bette Jane (Boland) Hayes, was born May 5, 1956, at Lincoln, Nebraska, and passed away July 16, 2009, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 53 years, 2 months, and 11 days.  
Monte graduated from Enid High School with the Class of 1974.  He excelled in football, baseball and weightlifting in school.  He attended Northwestern Oklahoma State University before graduating from Oklahoma State University with a degree in engineering.  On March 5, 1977, he was united in marriage to Roxie Gay Williams in Enid, Oklahoma.  To this union one daughter, Melissa Hayes, was born and he adopted Melissa&amp;s brother, Ricky.    
In 1980, he enlisted in the United States Army and finished his service as a Major in the Reserves.  He worked in Florida as a real estate broker and property manager from 1990 to 1997.  He then drove a semi truck coast to coast for a year.  
In 1992, he was united in marriage to Priscilla Doris Casap at Orlando, Florida.  To this union one daughter, Alexis Hayes, was born.  In 2001, he returned to Oklahoma and went to work for PML Exploration Services and soon became the company&amp;s Operations Manager.  He was living in Tuttle at the time of his death.  
Monte was baptized in the Elm and Murrow Church of Christ in May of this year.  He enjoyed playing golf and racquetball and watching sports of all kinds.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother, Gregory Earl Hayes.  
Monte is survived by two daughters, Melissa Hayes of Enid, and Alexis Hayes of Tuttle; one son, Ricky Hayes of Enid; one brother, Jeffrey Scott Hayes and wife, Joanne, of Enid; one sister Lisa Evans and husband, Mark, of Ringwood; two grandchildren, Titan Evert Stephens and Tyson Baird Kennedy; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to a educational fund for his daughter, Alexis. 
			