Funeral services for Reola Lohmann will be 11:00 a.m., Saturday, November 24, 2012, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Aaron Wagner officiating.  Interment will be in the Zion Lutheran Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Reola Georgia, daughter of Dewey William and Daisy Florence (Curtis) Crow was born November 6, 1922, at her grandparents Curtis home southwest of Cherokee, Oklahoma.  She was born to eternal life on November 18, 2012, at her home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 90 years and 12 days. 	She lived in Cherokee and attended the Cherokee school system and worked for several people, cooking, cleaning and tending gardens in order to help support her younger siblings. 	Reola was united in marriage to Gilbert P.J. Lohmann on August 17, 1941, at the Alva Zion Lutheran Church.  To their marriage two children, Karen Diane and Monty Gilbert, were born.  
Following their marriage they made their home five miles south and two and one half miles east of Alva.  In 1959, the family moved into Alva and in 1961 moved to a farm two miles south and two miles west of Kiowa, Kansas, and in 1965 moved to 514 14th Street in Alva.  During their marriage she worked at J.C. Penney in Alva and became an Avon representative in 1957 and was active till 2012.  All during their marriage they farmed and ranched in the Alva area and also in Beaver County, Oklahoma, and Powers County, Colorado.  
Reola was first baptized in Clay Creek south of Cherokee and on January 25, 1942 was rebaptized and confirmed at the Alva Zion Lutheran Church and has been a member of the church since that time.  She was the last remaining charter member of the Mary Martha Guild of the church.  
Mrs. Lohmann was preceded in death by her parents, her husband, Gilbert, one sister, Viola Azbill, and three brothers, Dewey Merle, James, and Lawrence.  
Reola is survived by her son, Monty Lohmann of Alva, and her daughter, Karen Turner and husband, Alex, of Breckenridge, Colorado; grandsons, John Turner and wife, Jennifer, and their sons, Jacob and Owen, and Michael Turner and wife, Claire, and their sons, Jackson, Charlie, and Henry, all of Centennial, Colorado.  Her extended grandchildren, Tyler Ingraham, Trenton Leech, Benjamin  Orcutt, Dezmond, Byron, and Noah Buck, Marissa Orcutt, Zariah Buck and Zelaynah Whisman; and great grandchildren, Ryleigh and Mason Orcutt and Kenna Leech.  
Also surviving are two sisters, Leona Linn and Wanda Pester, both of Fairview, Oklahoma; two brothers, Raymond Crow of Enid and William F. "Wally?  Crow and wife, Mary Ann, of Alva, Oklahoma; a number of nieces and nephews, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Zion Lutheran Cemetery Perpetual Fund or the charity of the donor?s choice. 
			