Funeral services for Robert William Trekell will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, January 15, 2011, at the Alva Friends Church.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Robert William Trekell, son of the late Harvey Milton and Jessie Olive (Hammond) Trekell, was born May 7, 1932, at South Haven, Kansas, and passed away January 9, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 78 years, 8 months, and 2 days.  
Robert attended school at Mid Valley, Pleasant View and Alva Schools.  On February 1, 1951, he was united in marriage to Faye Elaine White-Hada at Alva.  He worked for C.R. Anthony?s Wholesale Division then in 1952 he began working for the Oklahoma Department of Transportation.  He retired as Foreman of the Alva shed in 1989.  He also worked for many farmers in the area.  
He was an active member of the Alva Friends Church where he served as a Steward.  He spent a lot of time working on the church and the parsonage as needed.  He served as Boy Scout and Webelos leader and was very active in the Pinewood Derby for many years.  He was a Past Noble Grand and Secretary of Alva Oddfellows Lodge #43.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by two sons, Robert William Trekell, Jr. and Kenneth Lee Trekell; one grandson, Charles Anthony Kelly; two brothers, Russell Lee "Bud? Trekell and Marshall Wayne Trekell; and six sisters, Fern Icke, Inez Osburn, Viola "Susie? Trekell, Phylis Jean "Jeannie? Terrel, Florence Pearl Clinesmith, and Esther Ann Icke.  
Robert is survived by his wife, Elaine Trekell of Alva; two daughters, LaVonna Faye Gribble of Alva and Judy Marie Kirby and husband, Ron, of Lawton; two brothers, Harvey Milton "John? Trekell, Jr. and wife, Glenda, of Kaw City, Oklahoma, and Allen Elmer Trekell and wife, Paula, of Casa Grande, Arizona; five grandchildren, Misty Elaine Hoover and husband, Jay, of Daleville, Alabama, Kary Lynn Bell and husband, Allen, of Flagler, Colorado, David Michael "Mike? Gribble and wife, Michelle, of Alva, Kenneth "Lee? Trekell, Jr. and wife, Jessica, of Alva, and Kristi Faye Kelly and husband, Adam, of Alva; two foster granddaughters, Traci Maul and husband, Mike of Dacoma, and Tina Sheppherd and husband, Brian, of Alva; 12 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Alva Friends Church, Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for heart disease research, or the Boy Scouts of America. 
			