Funeral services for Jerrie Sue McKinley will be 1:00 p.m. Saturday, June 8, 2013, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Pastor Terry Martindale officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Jerrie Sue McKinley, daughter of the late Lawrence Taylor and Geraldine Emily (Boatright) Pickens, was born November 6, 1937, at Jacksonville, Texas, and passed away June 4, 2013, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 75 years, 6 months, and 28 days.    
Jerrie graduated from Wichita North High School and attended the University of Kansas.  She worked as a legal secretary in Wichita.  On December 31, 1965, she was united in marriage to B. H. “Mac” McKinley at Lyons, Kansas.  They lived in Alva and Stillwater while Mac attended veterinary school.  After he finished school, they returned to Alva where she owned and operated the Alva Credit Bureau until her retirement.  She also sold real estate at the Schuessler Agency.    
She was a member of the Alva First United Methodist Church.  She was also a member of PEO and served many years on the Alva City Council.  She enjoyed shopping, raising exotic birds, and buying flowers and telling Mac where to plant them.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one brother, Jack Pickens; and her beloved rottweiler, Sadie.    
Jerrie is survived by her husband, Mac, of Alva; one son, Daniel Kevin Ward and wife, Kay, of San Antonio, Texas; two daughters, Susan McKinley Graves and husband, Lee, of Olathe, Kansas, and Sarah McKinley Christensen and husband, Brian, of Medford, Oregon; six grandchildren, Holden Chandler Hostetler and fiancé, Stephanie Drenka, of Dallas, and Jordan Jay Hostetler of Dallas, Texas, Jordan McKinley Graves, and Taryn Leigh Graves, both of Olathe, Kansas, and Madison Sue Christensen and Steven McKinley Christensen, both of Medford, Oregon; other relatives and friends.    
The family requests that in lieu of flowers, memorial contributions be made through the funeral home to Creature Concerns, American Cancer Society, or the Humane Society.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			