Judge J. Bruce Harvey, 66, passed away Saturday, August 1, 2009, at Integris Bass Hospital, Enid, Oklahoma.  The funeral service will be 10:30 a.m. Thursday, August 6, 2009, at Central Christian Church in Enid.  Interment will follow at 1:00 p.m. at Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC, of Carmen. 	 Judge Harvey was born August 12, 1942, to Harold James and Virginia (Board) Harvey, in Cherokee, Oklahoma.  He graduated from high school in Carmen, Oklahoma with the class of 1960, Northwestern State College in Alva in 1966, and Oklahoma City University School of Law with a Juris Doctorate in 1972.  He married Jana Sue Irwin in 1963 at Carmen, Oklahoma. 	 White attending law school he worked for the Oklahoma State Personnel Board, taking a position as an attorney with the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety upon graduation.  He moved to Enid with his family in 1973 to serve as an assistant district attorney.  In 1974, he accepted a position as Special District Judge to Garfield County, a position which he held until 1976, when he went into private practice. 	 During his seventeen years in private practice, Judge Harvey served with the Oklahoma Department of Corrections, both as an attorney and on the Board of Directors.  He also served as a State Representative for District 41 from 1983 to 1985 and Mayor of the city of Enid from 1987 to 1989.  During his career, he served as President of the Garfield County Bar Association and was a member of the Oklahoma Bar Association.  In 1993, he was appointed Associate District Judge of Harper County, followed by an appointment as Special District Judge in Garfield County.  Judge Harvey retired in 2007. 	 Judge Harvey was a member of Central Christian Church, where he served as a deacon and as Scoutmaster of Troop 2.  He was a member of the Grand National Quail Club and a former member of AMBUCS and Lion?s Club.  Judge J. Bruce Harvey loved the out-of-doors and was an avid hunter and fisherman.  Most importantly, he was a kind and gentle person with a loving soul. 	 He was preceded in death by his parents Virginia (Board) Harvey Stanley in 1975 and Harold James Harvey in 1992. 	 Judge J. Bruce Harvey is survived by his wife, Jana, of Enid; his three children, Kristel Esparza and husband, Herman, of San Antonio, Texas, Heather Jennings and husband, Matt, of Highland Park, Illinois, and Brandon Harvey and wife, Tiffany, of Enid; seven grandchildren: Monica, Emily, Lauren, and Nathaniel Esparza, Clyde and Audrey Jennings, and Jersey Garrett. 	 He is also survived by three sisters, Marcia (Harvey) Brown and husband, Robert, of Carmen, Nancy (Harvey) Oldham and husband, Jim, of Carmen, and Judy (Harvey) Mott and husband, Darole, of Tulsa, Oklahoma; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made in Judge Harvey?s memory through the funeral home to Central Christian Church, Carmen Fire and Rescue, Carmen Park Fund, or Boy Scouts of America. 
			