Memorial services for Robert Wayne Stewart will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, January 5, 2013, at the Bible Baptist Church with Josh Fisher officiating.  He was cremated at his request under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Robert Wayne Stewart, son of the late George and Valleria (Province) Stewart, was born April 28, 1943, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away December 28, 2012, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 69 years and 8 months.    
Bob graduated from Alva High School.  He then proudly served in the United States Marine Corps and received the Purple Heart during a tour of duty in Vietnam.  He then obtained Bachelors Degree in Industrial Arts, his Masters Degree in Administration of Justice, and an Ontario Teachers Certificate.  He taught at the Hutchinson State Prison for several years.      
He then moved to Ontario where he served as a Chief bylaw Enforcement Officer for 14 years in Erin, Ontario.  He retired at the age of 48 and moved back to Alva.  On May 1, 2001, he was united in marriage to Marva Jane Fallis at Vance Air Force Base in Enid, Oklahoma.    
He was baptized in the Bible Baptist Church in Alva and was a member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars.  He enjoyed working with horses, fishing, and picking for antiques.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one sister, Frances Head.    
Bob is survived by his wife, Marva, of Nescatunga; four daughters, Cathy Pierce of Oklahoma City, Connie Stewart of Ontario, Canada, Christy Cooper of Ontario, Canada, and Sarah Thomas of Tulsa; one son, Aaron Fallis of Alva; one brother Jim Stewart and wife, Judy, of Alva, and one sister, Marilyn Jacobson, and husband, Keith, of Norman, Oklahoma; four grandchildren, Christian James Cooper and Cameron Cooper, both of Ontario; Josh Fisher of Kiowa, Kansas, and Christian Bosley of Nescatunga; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Christian Bosley Education Fund or the Nescatunga Fire Department. 
			