Funeral services for Rhett Anthony Murrell will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, November 11, 2010, at the Waynoka First Christian Church with Pastor Mike Paddy officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
A gift and a treasure, Rhett Anthony Murrell was born on June 18, 1987.  His life on earth ended November 4, 2010 at the age of 23.    
Rhett accepted Christ in his early years and was a member of The First Christian Church of Waynoka.  He was active in his church and ran the sound system for the Sunday service throughout his high school years.    
Rhett attended school in Cherokee, Alva and Waynoka, Oklahoma and San Antonio, Texas.  During his seventh grade year in San Antonio, he took the college-level entrance exam (SAT) and achieved college level scores.  These scores allowed him to take advanced courses in residence at the University of Denver and Texas Tech during the summer of his seventh grade year.  He attended high school in Waynoka and played sports as a proud Waynoka Railroader, lettering in football, track and weight lifting.  He was nominated for Boys State.    
Rhett loved his country and served proudly in the Army National Guard for six years.  Rhett first joined the Oklahoma Army National Guard his junior year of high school and attended his basic training at Ft. Benning, Georgia during the summer between his junior and senior year.  Upon graduation from high school, Rhett received a joint ROTC/NMMI full scholarship to attend school and advanced ROTC training at New Mexico Military Institute (NMMI) in Roswell, New Mexico.  He was a member of the New Mexico Army National Guard.  In July of 2008, out of 125 cadets beginning the rigorous program, Rhett was one of 18 to complete his Associates of Science Degree and commission as a Second Lieutenant.  Within the ROTC Cadet program at NMMI, he received a rarely achieved high ranking of Command Sgt Major.    
Following graduation from NMMI, he moved to Ft. Collins, Colorado and attended Colorado State University.  He transferred to the Colorado Army National Guard and served as an infantry officer and at the time of his death he was serving as a staff officer in Battalion Headquarters.  Rhett had a strong passion for the military and loved his country.  Many times Rhett spoke of his passion and concern for the safety of the men who were in his command.    
Rhett enjoyed spending time with his friends, techno music, video games, cooking and working out.    
He is preceded in death by his grandfather, Buddy L. Young and his grandmother Stella Murrell.  
Rhett is survived by his parents Richard and Connie Moore of Waynoka, Oklahoma;  Tony and Janelle Murrell of Elk City, Oklahoma; a brother, Ryan Murrell of Roswell, New Mexico; a sister, Valerie Moore, of Santa Barbara, California; his grandmother, Dorothy Young of Alva, Oklahoma; his grandfather, Buddy Murrell, Cherokee, Oklahoma; a nephew Dalton Moore of Oklahoma City; his loving aunts and uncles, Sherry Gruber and her husband, Tom, of Oklahoma City, Donna Brown and her husband, Lowell, of Bella Vista, Arkansas, David Murrell and his wife, Marie, of Duncan, Oklahoma, Andy Murrell of Cherokee, Oklahoma, Cyndi Burris and her husband, Jon, of Edmond, Oklahoma; many friends and relatives.   
In lieu of flowers contributions may be made to The First Christian Church Family Life Center, 1971 Waynoka Street, Waynoka, Oklahoma  73860. 
			