Graveside memorial services for David Lee Perfect will be at 2:00p.m. Saturday, May, 25, 2013, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
David Lee Perfect was born June 5, 1938, in Cassville, Missouri, to  Eldon Marvin Perfect and Vera Sweeney Perfect and died December 31, 2012, in Tallahassee, Flordia, at the age of 74.    
On January 18, 1961 he married Georgia Wallace in Alva, Oklahoma.  He graduated from Alva High School in 1956, and attended Northwestern State College in Alva and graduated from Northern Oklahoma College in Tonkawa, Oklahoma with an Associate of Arts in Police Science.  He was an Airman Second Class REGAF in the United States Air Force and held Top Secret Clearance (Air Policeman).    
While David and Georgia lived in Ponca City  he worked for the Ponca City Police Department where he held two different positions - criminal and traffic investigation as a patrolman and desk sergeant.  David also held the position as Barracks Officer at Ponca Military Academy.  David is perhaps best known for owning and operating Dave's Perfect Burger. He was a gracious host and loved to meet his customers.  David was ordained as a Deacon in the First United Presbyterian Church while living in Ponca City..    
David retired and with his wife moved to Oklahoma City in 1979.  David was an avid golfer and loved to interact with people.  He lit up a room when he walked into it.  He was the life of the party.  His sense of humor and personality were bigger than life itself.    
He was preceded in death by his parents, his wife Georgia Wallace Perfect of Oklahoma City and one brother Loren Perfect of Oklahoma City.    
David is survived by one son, Steven B. Perfect and wife Felecia A. Elmore Perfect of Tallahassee, Flordia; brother Leon Perfect and wife Verna Lee of Alva; sister Sally Wiersig and husband Larry of Alva; sister Vicki Keesee and husband Tom of Yukon; and an extended family of  in-laws, aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces, nephews and many friends and loved ones.    
Contributions may be made through the funeral home in David’s memory to the Alzheimer’s Association or the charity of your choice. 
			