Dale Eugene Barrows, son of the late Lawrence Homer and Pauline Mildred (Grove) Barrows, was born September 30, 1930, on the farm near Aline, Oklahoma, and passed away July 7, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 9 months, and seven days.  Dale was cremated at his request.  A memorial service is tentatively scheduled for September 30th at Red Mountain United Methodist Church in Mesa, Arizona.  
After Dale graduated from Aline High School, he went to Northwestern Oklahoma State University where he majored in Education with a minor in Math.  He served in the United States Army as an instructor in the Chemical Corps.  On September 3, 1955, he was united in marriage to Betty Rose Tittle.  To this union two children were born, Steven Dale and Dana Sue.  
Dale returned to Oklahoma in the Summer of 1955 to attend graduate school at the University of Oklahoma, where he received an MBA in Accounting and Business Law.  Upon graduation, he took his first position with Colgate Palmolive in Kansas City, Missouri.  After nearly two years, he was one of 40 national candidates recruited to St. Louis, Missouri to begin ground breaking work with computers for Monsanto.  
Another couple of years went by and he was hired to be the Director of Information Systems by Sherwood Medical.  During this tenure he provided technical guidance to numerous national and multinational corporations, including IBM.  After 30 years to the day, Dale retired and relocated to Mesa, Arizona.  
While in St. Louis, Dale was extremely active in parks and recreation and youth sports for the city of Bridgeton, in St. Louis County.  He was the founder and first president of the Bridgeton Athletic Association.  Dale coached many of the sports teams Steve and Dana played on, and one year was named Citizen of the Year.  
On June 14, 2008, he was united in marriage to Patricia Albaugh at Mesa, Arizona.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Betty, in 2006; and one sister, Willa Mae Nickel.  
Dale is survived by his wife, Patricia, of Mesa, Arizona; one daughter, Dana Kingshill of Houston, Texas; one son, Steve Barrows and wife, Vanedda, of Alva; two sisters, Winona Bruner and husband, Eddie, of Carmen, and Linda Shelite and husband, Monty, of Aline; two grandchildren, Natalie and Emerson; and three great grandchildren, Donnivan, Drake, and Joshua; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Susan B. Komen for the Cure of breast cancer, or e-rescue-houston. 
			