Funeral services for Sarah Winford (Johnston) Furrow will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, May 29, 2008, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. John Brint officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  The casket will be open at the funeral home until 12:30 p.m. Thursday.  
Sarah Winford Furrow, daughter of the late John and Sarah (Warner) Johnston, was born March 1, 1912, at Junction City, Kansas, and passed away May 25, 2008, at Burlington, Kansas, at the age of 96 years, 2 months and 4 days.  
Sarah attended school in Junction City.  On July 3, 1937, she was united in marriage to John Melvin Furrow at Junction City, Kansas.  They ranched in the Waynoka area and moved to Salina, Kansas.  In 1951, they moved to Amarillo, Texas and returned to Waynoka in 1994.  
She was a member of the Waynoka Church of God, where she really enjoyed helping in the kitchen, especially during Bible School.  She loved to baby sit, iron clothes, and help people in any way she could.  
Besides her parents, Sarah was preceded in death by her husband, John, on December 20, 2004; one daughter, Barbara Furrow; one son, Ivan Dean Furrow; and six siblings, Georgetta Brazel, Howard Johnston,  Beulah Holmes, Les Johnston, Floyd Johnston and Viola Gusterson.  
Sarah is survived by one daughter, Arbutus Jane Furrow of Burlington, Kansas; one son, Johnny George Furrow and his wife, Shirley, of Alton, Illinois; two sisters; Doris Brum of Abeline, Kansas; and Grace Harris of Junction City, Kansas; five grandchildren, Tony Stith of Council Grove, Kansas, David Stith of Kentucky, Melody Scheffel and her husband, James, of Alton, Illinois, Kathy Jo Young and her husband, James, of Burlington, Kansas, Steve Furrow of Alton, Illinois; seven great grandchildren, Daniel, Jessica and Carla Stith, Matthew, Joshua  and John Young and Savannah Scheffel; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Waynoka Church of God. 
			