Graveside services for Alice Marie (Lord) Ready will be 3:00 p.m. Thursday, September 22, 2011, at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with the Reverend Gene Spillman officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Alice Marie (Lord) Ready, daughter of the late Floyd C. and Edna L. (Ross) Simpson, was born June 23, 1925, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away September 19, 2011, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years, 2 months, and 25 days.  
Marie attended Cottonwood School and graduated from Waynoka High School.  In 1945, she was united in marriage to Francis Oren Lord at Alva, Oklahoma.  They lived in Waynoka where they farmed and ranched.  Francis passed away in 1975.  In 1979 Marie moved to Woodward where she worked as a custodian for Woodward Schools.  
In 1990 she was united in marriage to Dean Winton Ready at Woodward, Oklahoma.  After their retirement they worked at Boiling Springs in Woodward and Fun Valley in Colorado.  They moved to Enid in 1994.  
Most of her life, Marie was an active member in the Christian Church and was currently a member of the Oakwood Christian Church.  She was a member of the Rebecca Lodge and Avard Dorcas Circle.  She was very artistic and had many hobbies, including decorating Bulletin boards, Ceramics, making quilts, painting and macrame.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by two brothers, Wesley Simpson and Clement Simpson; and one sister, Ruth Valentine.  
Marie is survived by her husband, Dean, of Enid; two sons, Paul Lord and wife, Sue, of Woodward, and Floyd Lord and wife, Phoebe, of Wellington, Kansas; one daughter, Patsy Kephart and husband, Harry, of Enid; one step-son, Gerald Ready and wife, Trudy, of Clearwater, Kansas; one brother, Franklin Simpson of Waynoka, and one sister, Vera Parker, of Wellington, Kansas.  
Also surviving are seven grandchildren, Chris Stallings and wife, Dhonne, of Rowlett, Texas, Mark Stallings and wife, Dusti, of Kremlin, Kayla Usher and husband, P. J., of Mary Ester, Florida, Chad Lord of Columbus, Ohio, Gena Lawson and husband, Daniel, of Tinker Air Force Base, Ryon Lord of Wichita, and Megan Appenfeller and husband, Larry, of Wichita; three step grandchildren, Kim Bohnert of Clearwater, Kansas, Gerri Sturchio and husband, Terry, of Fajati, Kansas, and Abby Ready of Clearwater, Kansas; eight great grandchildren; five step great grandchildren, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Relay for Life. 
			