Funeral services for Darin Dean Moser will be 1:00 p.m. Friday, December 18, 2009, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Pastor Terry Martindale officiating. Interment will be in the Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Darin Dean Moser, son of Max Dean and Rebecca Nell (Stewart) Moser was born February 5, 1965, in Enid, Oklahoma, and passed away December 13, 2009, near Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 44 years, 10 months, and 8 days.  
Darin attended school in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, graduating with the Class of 1983. Following graduation, he attended Northwestern Oklahoma State University in Alva. While attending there he met Teresa P. Toner. Darin and Teresa were united in marriage on August 10, 1985 in Alva.  
Having learned the mechanics trade by working summers during junior high, high school and college, Darin decided to continue with this profession.  He started as a mechanic for Woodson?s Texaco in Alva, progressing to shop foreman at Bogner Chevrolet in Kiowa, Kansas, and later was employed as a transmission specialist for Mark Ream Motors in Alva.  
Over the next several years Darin established his own businesses incorporating Towing and Dozer Services, Auto and Diesel Mechanic Services, the Grasshopper Mower Dealership, and Flight Instruction.  
Darin enjoyed giving back to the Alva community that he called home. He was an active EMT and volunteer fireman.  
He was preceded in death by his grandparents, Edward (Tuffy) Stewart of Carmen, Oklahoma, Max W. and Billie J. Moser of Carmen, Juanita Moser of Enid and Joe Locke of Dacoma.  
Darin is survived by his wife, Teresa, his son, Dalton, daughter, Daresa, all of the home; his parents, Max and Rebecca Moser of Enid; one brother, Jerrod Moser, his wife, Joline, and children, Mason, Zachary and Lauren, all of Piedmont, Oklahoma; his maternal grandmother, Bettie Lue (Stewart) Locke of Carmen; his father and mother in law, Edwin and Roberta Toner of Manchester; his brothers in law, C. R. Toner and wife, Jo, and children, Scott Toner and wife, Denise, and children, all of Wichita, Kansas, other relatives and many friends.  
In lieu of flowers, the family requests contributions be made through the funeral home to a college fund for his children. 
			