Funeral services for Alta Marie Kutz Norton will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, May 17, 2013, at the Waynoka First United Methodist Church with Pastor Barbara Fyffe officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Alta Marie Kutz Norton, daughter of the late Robert Franklin and Alta Leota (Watson) Stallman, was born December 3, 1925, at Stillwater, Oklahoma and passed away May 14, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 87 years, 5 months, and 11 days.    
She attended school at Stillwater until the age of 10 when her family moved to Waynoka.  She graduated from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1943, and the St. Francis School of Nursing in Wichita in 1946.      
On December 1, 1948, she was united in marriage to Herman Richard Kutz in Enid, Oklahoma.  She worked as an RN all of her life.  At the E.P. Clapper Hospital in Waynoka, she was the second nurse hired and the last nurse to work at the hospital when it closed.  She then worked at the Cherokee Hospital and the Carmen Home until her retirement.  Her husband preceded her in death in 1990.    
On October 27, 1991, she was united in marriage to Fred Norton at Waynoka.  They made their home in Carmen.  When Fred passed away, she moved to Alva to be closer to her children.    
Alta Marie was a member of the Waynoka First United Methodist Church.  She enjoyed gardening, flowers, photography and writing children’s stories.    
Besides her parents and her husband, Herman Kutz, she was preceded in death by her husband, Fred Norton; and three sisters.    
	Alta Marie is survived by two sons, Richard Kutz and Pat Shafer of Alva, and John Kutz and wife, Sherrie, of Alva; one daughter, Phyllis Kutz of Waynoka; four grandchildren, Bryan Kutz and wife, Shannon, of Fayetteville, Arkansas, Kimberly Drew and husband, Terry, of Buffalo, Amanda Weber of Alva, and Michael Kutz and wife, Christina, of Enid; nine great grandchildren, Destanee Bolar and Cinch Brown, both of Buffalo, Troy Jones of Miami, Mesa Kutz, Brylee Kutz, and Wyett Kutz, all of Fayetteville; and Morgann Martin, Addisann Weber, and Breckyn Weber, all of Alva; four sisters; step-grandchild, Darlene Snyder of Alva; step-greatgrand children, Michael Sanders of Fayetteville, Baily and Cassie Drew, both of Alva, Tiffany Johnson and husband, Sidney, of Palm Bay, Florida, Garrett Snyder and wife, Virginia, of Indian Harbour Beach, Florida; step-great great grand children,  Logan Johnson of Palm Bay, Florida and Levi Snyder of Indian Harbour Beach, Florida; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Diabetes Association.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			