Funeral services for Kevin McKay (Stone) Tomberlin will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, November 4, 2014, at the College Hill Church of Christ with Jay Tyree officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family present Monday, November 3, from 5pm - 7pm at the funeral home.  	    
Kevin McKay Tomberlin, son of Kerel “Keri” Ruth Stone and Chad Ray Tomberlin, was the “New Year Baby” born January 3, 1996, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away October 31, 2014, in Medicine Lodge, Kansas, at the age of 18 years, 9 months, and 28 days.  	    
Kevin attended school in Alva, Oklahoma City, Galveston, Texas, and Sayre.  He was actively involved in FFA.  He recently moved to Medicine Lodge where he lived with his sister, her fiancé, William, and his nieces.  He was currently working on the assembly line at National Gypsum.  	    
Kevin enjoyed playing basketball, football and soccer.  He loved riding his dirt bike and going mudding in his pickup.  He especially enjoyed horseback riding with his grandpa, Steve.  He adored his sister, Erin and loved spending time with his nieces, Addison and Maddison.  He formed a very tight bond and friendship with Les.  They were always teasing each other or having wrestling matches.  	    
Although Kevin touched many lives, there is one person in particular who probably knew him best, his very best friend, Toby.  They were more than friends, they were brothers.  On any given day they could be found goofing off together or playing jokes on each other.  	    
Kevin was an unforgettable person with a beautiful soul and loving heart.  He was always making people smile and laugh.  To know him was to love him and to love him was a privilege.  	    
He was preceded in death by his grandfathers, Steve Tomberlin and Jack William Stone; and his great grandfather, Walden Fleming.  	    
Kevin is survived by his mother, Keri Stone and her fiancé, Leslie Heath, of Alva; his father, Chad Tomberlin and wife, Jennifer, of Sayre; his sister, Erin Stone and fiancé, William Hawkins, of Medicine Lodge, Kansas; his grandparents, Kay Tomberlin of Sayre, Pam and Russ Moore of Basehor, Kansas, Marge Heath of Alva, and Joyce Hibbs of Alva; his great grandparents, June Fleming of Medicine Lodge, and Bill and Glenda Tomberlin of Alva, and two nieces, Addison and Maddison Hawkins of Medicine Lodge.  	    
Also surviving are two step brothers, Jacob Summers of Attica, Kansas, and Anthony Summers of Leedy, Oklahoma; and four step sisters, Jessica, Amanda, LeAnna, and Tabitha Heath, all of Alva; other relatives and many friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for cancer research. 
			