Funeral services for Lorene Virginia Devery will be 11:00 a.m. Saturday, March 6, 2010, at Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. Terry Martindale, pastor of the Alva First United Methodist Church, officiating.  Interment will be in the Sacred Heart Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Lorene Virginia Devery, daughter of the late Benton Clint and Ora May (Goodhue) Carlton, was born July 1, 1911, at Lahoma, Oklahoma, and passed away February 25, 2010, at the age of 98 years, 7 months, and 24 days.  
Lorene attended grade school and high school in Lahoma.  After graduating from high school in 1929 she attended Phillips University.  She received a teaching certificate and taught several years in rural schools in Garfield County.  On August 23, 1934, she was united in marriage to James Theodore Devery at Enid, Oklahoma.  
In 1945 they moved to Alva where they founded, owned and operated Devery Implement Company where she worked for many years.  After moving to Alva, Lorene graduated from Northwestern State College with a degree in Elementary Education.  She taught at Waynoka and Enid.  She also worked at the Alva City Library from 1970 to 1976.  
Lorene was a member of the Alva First United Methodist Church, Chapter C of PEO, and Daughters of the American Revolution.  She enjoyed playing bridge with the ladies.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Jim, on April 8, 1963; her daughter, Ruth Ann VanLandingham, on August 28, 1991, her son-in-law, Ted VanLandingham on August 4, 2000; her brother, Heyward Carlton; and an infant brother, Dale; and one sister, Dorothy Knapp.  
Lorene is survived by three grandchildren, Mark VanLandingham and wife, Christal, of Edmond, Michael VanLandingham and wife, Kim, of Alva, and Susan Wagner and husband, Curt, of Edmond; twelve great grandchildren, Bentley, Nicholas, Devery, Saraben, and Chandler VanLandingham, Alaina and Abby Hurst, Jack, Ryan, and Luke Wagner; and Benjamin and Caden VanLandingham; her nephew, Tom Devery and wife, Phyllis, of Alva; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Northwestern Oklahoma State University Foundation. 
			