Funeral services for Ella Anna Pauline Krueger will be 11:00 a.m. Friday, June 11, 2010, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Mark Bersche officiating.  The private interment will be prior to the service at the Zion Lutheran Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Thursday, June 10.  
Ella Anna Pauline Krueger, daughter of the late Wilhelm and Martha Margareth (Cordes) Kirmse, was born January 28, 1918, on the family homestead near Alva, and departed her earthly life for her heavenly home June 7, 2010, at Hutchinson, Kansas, at the age of 92 years, 4 months, and 9 days.  
On March 2, 1941, she was united in marriage to Gilbert Krueger and they celebrated 55 years of marriage before his death in 1997.  Together they were involved in managing a successful wheat farm southeast of the city where she resided for 81 years.  Ella spent 8 years at the Homestead in Alva and her last 3 years in Hutchinson, Kansas.  
Ella was a lifelong member of Zion Lutheran Church having been baptized, confirmed, and married there.  She and Gilbert were very involved in the activites of the church and she was a founding member of the Mary Martha Guild.  Many people were blessed by Ella?s "labors of love? in the form of produce from her garden, fresh eggs, custom sewing, piecework quilts, and crocheted items.  She was a charter member of the Share Pink Ladies Auxiliary and volunteered with that group for 30 years.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by her siblings, Julius Kirmse, Laura Schmidt, Norma Rauh, Alvin Kirmse, and Edna Kirmse; and all of her brothers-in-law and sisters-in-law.  
Ella will be missed by the members of her family, including her children, Betty Nardecchia and husband, Dan, of Austin, Texas, John Krueger and wife, Ruth, of Hutchinson, Kansas, and Martha Mueller and husband, Tom, of Fort Worth, Texas; her grandchildren, Debby Joyce, Jeff Deinlein and wife, Ann, David Krueger and wife, Connie, Linda Krueger, Stephen Mueller and wife, Wendy, and Jonathan Mueller and wife, Elise; her great grandchildren, Anna and Asher Mueller, James, Luke, Jacob, and Kathryn Mueller,  Megan and Emily Krueger, and Cate Deinlein; her cousin, Helen Kirmse Hacker of Farrar, Missouri; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Zion Lutheran Church, Hospice House of Reno County, or Young Life Austin (her grandson?s ministry). 
			