Nina Viola McNutt Lile Meade, 98, of Olathe, KS, departed this life and went to live in her eternal home on July 7, 2009.  Graveside services with viewing will be held 11:00 a.m., Saturday, July 11, 2009, at Freedom Cemetery, Freedom, OK.  A luncheon will be held at 12:30 p.m. at Alva, OK.  A 2:00 p.m. memorial service follows at the church.  Memorial contributions may be sent to the Gideon?s Society.  Arrangements: Bruce Funeral Home, Gardner, KS (913)856-7111.  Condolences may be sent to www.brucefuneralhome.com.  Oklahoma arrangements: Marshall Funeral Home, Alva, OK.  
Nina was born January 8, 1911, in Woodward County, OK. to Albert William and Susan "Sudie? Jane Howard McNutt.  She attended eight grades at West Union Country Grade School, four years at Freedom High School and a half year at Normal College at Alva, OK.  Clarence Allen Lile and Nina were married November 26, 1930.  Four children were born to that marriage.  They also helped raise a niece, Vera Jean McNutt Myers.  Clarence died February 17, 1984.  Nina married Reverend Kenneth Ray Meade December 2, 1985.  She has lived with and been cared for by her daughter, Janice (David), since 1994.  
Nina loved her Creator and Savior, Jesus Christ.  She loved her family, friends and her church.  She learned to play the piano and violin, has taught Sunday School, Vacation Bible School, worked in Clarence?s and her Lile Grocery &amp; Dry Goods Store, her Pink Package Gift Shop (baby clothes and ceramics) in Freedom, OK, and Jerome?s, an exclusive dress shop in Oklahoma City, OK.  She was an excellent seamstress and cook.  She was a wonderful, faithful Christian wife, mother, aunt, relative and friend.  
Nina was preceded in death by her parents; husbands, Clarence and Kenneth; son, Connie Max Lile; and granddaughter, Shelley Lile.  She is survived by children: Charles Ray Lile, Weatherford, OK, Marilyn Beth Meade (J. Robert "Bob?), Camas, WA, Janice Lynn Meade (David), Olathe, KS; nieces, Verajean McNutt Myers, Walsh, CO, Rita Maddux, Mooreland, OK; nephews, Marvin Hepner, Woodward, OK, Travis Hepner, Mooreland, OK; Three generations of grandchildren totaling 52, and a host of other relatives and friends. 
			