Memorial services for Esther Naomi Hufford will be at 10:00 a.m., Thursday, February 21, 2013, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Mike Taylor officiating.  She was cremated at her request.    
Esther Naomi Hufford, daughter of the late William Marvin and Rosa (Newby) Beecher, was born October 10, 1914, eight miles southwest of Hopeton, and passed away February 10, 2013, at Weslaco, Texas, at the age of 98 years and 4 months.    
In the year 1918, after her father had a light stroke, the family moved to Bethany.  In 1918, after her father’s death, Esther moved to Alva to finish high school, where she eventually met and married Walter (Tuffy) Hufford on August 31, 1931.  They made their home in Hopeton where she worked as a telephone operator during the time when the hand crank telephones were used.  Later, she was employed as a cook at a store restaurant that her sister and brother-in-law owned.    
Esther and Tuffy moved with their two sons to Alva.  In 1943 they moved to California for five months where she worked in the war effort making bandages by tearing up old cloth.  She worked at Jett Clothing Store as a sales clerk, then went to work at Central National Bank as a teller until her retirement.  During this time she was treasurer at the First Baptist Church.  Her interests were church, bridge, and bowling.    
In 1980 Esther and Tuffy moved to the Texas Valley.  They lived at Llano Grande Park, at Mercedes, Texas, for a year, moved to Phoenix for a year and returned to Llano Grande.  For the first few years of their retirement she and Tuffy traveled around the United States with the National Women’s Bowling League.  She was a score keeper when it was done by hand with no calculators.  Tuffy weighed the bowling balls and assisted the lady bowlers in any way he could.    
When they had to quit traveling with the bowling league because of Tuffy’s health, they took up golf and pool.  Esther won the Valley Pool Tournament in 1984.  She enjoyed swimming and helping Tuffy make coffee every morning at the club house in Llano Grande.    
In 1999 after Tuffy’s death she moved to Camelot in Harlingin, Texas, then moved to John Knox Village in Weslaco, Texas where she has been a resident since 2000.  When she first moved to John Knox Village, she enjoyed shooting pool with two dear friends, Ernie Bureau and Paul Long, six days a week after lunch.    
Esther read her Bible every morning.  She was also quite proud of her Beecher heritage, her two sons, their wives and all her grandchildren and great grandchildren.    
Esther is survived by two sons, Eugene Hufford and wife, Carolyn, of John Knox Village in Weslaco, Texas, and Stan Hufford and wife, Lottie, of Webbers Falls, Oklahoma; one granddaughter, Shannon Brinkley and husband, Joe, of Weatherford, Oklahoma; five grandsons, Sterling Hufford and wife, Tammy, of Elk City, Oklahoma, Sheldon Hufford and wife, Virgie, of Monroe, Washington, Shane Hufford of Weatherford, Oklahoma, Jason Hufford and wife, Toni, of Great Falls, Montana, and Bryon Hufford of Orlando, Florida; eleven great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Alva First Baptist Church or the charity of your choice. 
			