Memorial services for Herbert Dwight Smith will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, July 6, 2011, at the Alva First Presbyterian Church with Rev. Judye Pistole officiating.  Herb was cremated at his request.  
Herbert Dwight Smith was born on the Smith farm East of Alva, in the area known as "Little Potsdam?. His parents, Raymond Robert Smith and Esther Margaret Coulter Smith welcomed their second son on February 10, 1926.  
He became a member of the Alva Presbyterian Church at an early age.  
Herb helped with the farming, which included working with a garden, orchard and dairy, plus assisting with wheat harvest in Oklahoma and Texas.  
He graduated from Alva High School and was a member of the National Honor Society in 1943 and attended Northwestern briefly, before joining the U.S. Army.  
The Army provided some education at Baylor University, but eventually he was sent overseas to Germany. He was captured in the Black Forest by the Germans and confined to Stalag No. IV-B for 108 days. He was liberated by the Russians and returned home.  
After being sent to Fitzsimmons Hospital, he returned to his home and enrolled at the University of Oklahoma. He served on the Student Senate and obtained his Chemical Engineering degree in 1950. That same year he was made homeless by the Bachelor Officer&amp;s Quarters fire. He then returned to Alva and assisted his father with farming, eventually forming his own harvesting operation traveling to various states, but home always looked the best.  
In 1954, he was elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives on the Democratic ticket and served one term serving on the Enrolling and &amp; Engrossing Bills Committee as Co-Chair.   
Herb became interested in law and enrolled at O.U. In the School of Law in the Fall of 1955. He was engaged to Gerree Coley and they were married in the First Methodist Church in Hollis, Oklahoma on November 24, 1955, Thanksgiving Day.   
Herb passed the Oklahoma Bar and set up his law practice in July 1958 with Gerree serving as his first legal secretary. He was a member of the Oklahoma Bar Association and the American Bar Association.  
He has served as Acting County Attorney, Acting County Judge and Alva City Attorney. He served as deacon and elder for the Presbyterian Church and served as Building Chairman for the new Presbyterian Church dedicated May 4, 1965.  
He has served as Worshipful Master of the Masonic Lodge, Rainbow Dad for the Rainbow Girls and Advisor for the DeMolays. He is Past Commander of the American Legion, a past member of the Alva Planning Commission and a past president of the Alva School Board and a member of Elks and Kiwanis.   
He received the Best Actor Award in 1974 for his role as Elwood P. Dowd in Harvey. There were several return performances as Charles Condamin in Blithe Spirit, plus roles in Teahouse of the August Moon, Arsenic and Old Lace, South Pacific to name a few. He was a quick study and had a "razor sharp? memory.  
Most of all after the death of his brother, Dean, in World War II and his return, he felt more responsibility for his parents and still helped with farming, etc.  
He was "Superman? to his three children: Anita Lynn, Herbert Dean and Lisa Coley. The family never had a set of encyclopedia because he could answer any of their questions. He was always teaching his children and others. He was a wonderful Sunday School teacher for the Men&amp;s class and the Couple&amp;s class.   
When grandchildren arrived he was certain they needed to know about the &amp;declination of the sun&amp;. He had his son, Dean, pull chain for him when he needed to survey a parcel of land.   
He also was asked to go with certain local pilots and navigate for them. He had obtained a pilot&amp;s license himself in early years.  
He loved his grandchildren, Megan, Bryan and Asia and Bryan&amp;s wife, Linnea and has become very fond of his son-in-law Ed and Ed&amp;s cooking.  
Playing bridge and pitch were enjoyable with club members, also the Oklahoman&amp;s crossword puzzles, movies and comic strips helped make things a little more fun and interesting. He loved a challenge. Recently, his niece, Leslie, asked him to write a story about his father for her nephew, Ray, as a Christmas present in 2010. Eventually, he got everything written down and sent to her for Ray&amp;s enjoyment.  
Herb and Gerree traveled to London for Theatre Tours offered by Lawton Theatre group. Tourists asked Herb for directions in London.   
In 2008, Herb received his 50 year pin from the Oklahoma Bar Association with Woods County Law Wives hosting the reception at County Court House. Judge Dean Linder made the presentation.  
Herb is survived by his wife, Gerree Coley Smith, his three children: Anita Lynn Helms, Herbert Dean Smith, Lisa Coley Perkins, his three grandchildren: Megan Helms, Bryan Allen Helms and  Asia Gabrielle Perkins.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Parkinsons research or the Alva First Presbyterian Church. 
			