The funeral mass for Charles K. O’Neil will be at 11:00 a.m. Monday, February 24, 2014, at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Alva with Father James Wickersham serving as the celebrant.  Burial will follow in the Sacred Heart  Cemetery in Alva under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.  There will be visitation with the family at Wentworth Mortuary from 6:00 to 7:00 p.m. Sunday evening.    
Charles K. O’Neil,  son of Jerry and Alice O’Neil was born on September 27, 1952.  He departed this life on February 20, 2014, at his home at the age of 61.    
Charles was raised on a farm outside Carmen. He graduated from Carmen-Dacoma High School and Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  He married Carol Elaine Johnson on July 4, 1973, and to this union 4 boys were born, Brandy, Ryan, Cole and Devin.    
Charles was a life long farmer in the Carmen area and he served on the Aline-Cleo School board for eleven years. He was an active member of the National Resources Conservation Services &amp; Alfalfa County Conservation District for many years.     
He was a member of the Sacred Heart Church in Carmen and was active in all the church work.  When Sacred Heart Church moved to St. Cornelius Catholic Church in Cherokee, Charles relocated the Carmen church bell into St. Cornelius where it currently resides.    
Preceding his death was his mother, Alice; father, Jerry; and brother Larry Dean.     
Charles is survived by his wife, Carol, of Carmen; four sons, Brandy and wife, Christyn, of Aline, Ryan and wife, Donna, of Collinsville, Cole and wife, Bridget, of Medford, Devin and wife, Julie, of Edmond.  He has six grandchildren, Payton, Brody, Linley, Riley, Carson, Kynlee and one on the way; a brother, Duane and wife, Linda of Cleo Springs.    
Charles never gave up his love of the farm. He was a very special man who will always be remembered for his smile, laughter and constant joking.  He was one to put a smile on your face and always lend a hand when one was needed.  He touched a lot of lives by his work ethic, moral compass and commitment to treating those around him with the respect he wished to receive himself.  He will never be forgotten by those who knew and loved him.      
His greatest accomplishment was raising his four boys and being a dedicated husband, father and grandparent. Charles’s wit and goodness shall continue through his sons and grandchildren. May a bit of Charles show up in each of them to keep some spark in our lives.    
Memorials may be made to the Aline Chamber of Commerce (soup dinner) or Carmen Children Park Fund. 
			