Clifford James Wilton, son of the late Harry James and Bertha Ann (Jones) Wilton, was born January 23, 1922, in Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away March 17, 2007, at the Presbyterian Hospital in Allen, Texas, at the age of 85 years, 1 month, and 24 days.  
Clifford attended Alva Schools and Northwestern State College.  He first joined the military in September, 1940.  After Pearl Harbor he was called into active duty.  He remained with the same unit during World War II.  The Division made assault landings in North Africa, Sicily, Salerno, and Anzio in Italy, Southern France and the Rhine River in Germany.  The Division saw further combat action in the Battle of the Bulge and was in Bavaria and Czechoslovakia for Germany?s surrender.  He was among those returned to the United States in 1945.  
In April, 1949, he reported for duty with Officer Candidate School.  Graduating as one of the ?Kings Men? in October, 1949, he was commission in the Signal Corps.  He served in Nuernberg, Germany in the Post Signal Office.  His next duty station was at Fort Sheridan, Illinois as Officer in Charge of 5th Army Communications and Electronics Repair Facility.  Returning to Japan in 1955, he was assigned to the Signal Overseas Communications Battalion and served in Headquarters, United Nations Command and Far East Command as Officer in Charge of the Joint Headquarters Communications Center.  He also acted as the Signal Officer of Yokohama Port.  He was transferred in 1957 to Fort Huachuca, Arizona assigned to the Combat Surveillance and Target Acquisition Training Command heading up its Electronic Maintenance Shop.  During this transfer, he was accepted into the Regular Army with the rank of Captain.  From Fort Huachuca, he was transferred to Alaska and assigned to the Strategic Communications Command, STARCOM, while there was promoted to Major.  From Alaska, he was sent to Fort Lewis, Washington and assigned as Executive Officer of the 4th Infantry Division?s 124th Signal Battalion.  He then served a tour in Turkey with JUSMAT as Signal Advisor to the Third Turkish Army.  He was frequently an advisor to the Turkish Army Officers.  He was awarded the Third Turkish Army Commanders Award and the Joint Services Commendation Medal for his service in Turkey.  Clifford?s final assignment was at Fort Ord, California to the Combat Development Commands, Instrumentation Support Group as Instrumentation Maintenance Officer.  He later became Chief Group Planning and Resources Director of Quality Assurance and Instrumentation Testing.  He was awarded the Legion of Merit for his service at Fort Ord.  
He retired at Fort Ord on February 1, 1968, as a Lieutenant Colonel after 26 years of service.  He then went to work in Electronic Manufacturing and Quality Assurance, employed as a Quality Engineer and Manager for Telex and Sperry Univac, both manufacturers of computer peripherals.  His final employment was as a Program Director at DALSAT, involving in Satellite Earth Station design and manufacture, and with LITCO, engaged in fiber optics installation, testing and maintenance.  
He married Virginia Rose Watkins from Cherokee, Oklahoma, in September 1945.  They had three children, Janis Kay, James Clifford and Cheryl Lynn.  He married his second wife Margie Medlin in 1975 at Santa Cruz, California.  
He was a 32nd Degree Mason and a member of the Alva United Methodist Church.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Margie; two brothers, Orville and Don, and a sister, Mary Lenora King.  
Clifford is survived by his children, Janis Nossaman of Cherokee, Oklahoma, James Wilton of Cherokee, Oklahoma, and Cheryl and Scott Perry of Hutchison, Kansas; granddaughters, Carol Nossaman of Cherokee, and Kylie Harper of Hutchison, Kansas; step grandsons, Brian Perry of Hutchison, Kansas and Kirk Timmons and his wife, Marcie,  Modesto, California; numerous nieces and nephews, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation. 
			