Funeral services for Mary Katherin Busse will be 10:30 a.m. Thursday, July 31, 2008, at the Alva Zion Lutheran Church with Rev. Velmer Goebel  officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Mary Katherin Busse, daughter of the late Virgil Homer and Iva Amanda (Benson) Murrow, was born September 4, 1944 at Freedom, Oklahoma, and passed away July 27, 2008, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 63 years, 10 months, and 17 days.  
Mary grew up in the Tegarden area and attended Farry School before graduating from Alva High School.  On October 10, 1960, she was united in marriage to Garold Edward August Busse at El Paso, Texas.  To this union four children were born: Jo Retta, Kenneth, Jannel, and Keith.  They lived in Alva for a time until they moved to the farm where they farmed and ranched.  
She was a member of the Zion Lutheran Church. She was a National Accredited Master Flower Show Judge, a life member of the State Garden Club Judges Council, and served as State Garden Club President and Regional Director of the South Central Region.  She also held chairmanship positions on many local, district, state, and national garden club committees.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her daughter, Jannel Iva Lawrence on February 12, 2003.  
Mary is survived by her husband, Garold, of Alva, three children, Jo Retta Rhodes and husband, Les,  Kenneth Busse and friend, Melody Hofer, and Keith Busse, all of Alva; her son-in-law, Rick Lawrence and wife, Kara, of Colorado Springs, Colorado; her brother, Virgil Lyle Murrow and wife, Pearl, of Alva; two sisters-in-law, Iona Westerman and husband, Earl, of Nashville, Kansas and Wilda Busse of Alva, Oklahoma; two grandchildren, KeEra Busse of Amarillo, Texas, and Colton Lawrence of Colorado Springs; her step grandson, Zach Lawrence of Colorado Springs; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for kidney disease research or the Oklahoma Garden Club. 
			