Funeral services for Betty Joyce Langton, 89, will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, May 23, 2015, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel in Alva, Oklahoma.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  The viewing will be Friday evening.    
  Betty Joyce Roberts Langton was born on May 24, 1925, near Capron, Oklahoma, and died on May 19, 2015, in Beloit, Kansas.  She was the third of eight children born to Margaret and Ralph Roberts in Capron, Oklahoma.     
  It was a happy life for the Quaker family, even though they endured the Dust Bowl. After attending elementary through high school in Capron, Betty received a scholarship to attend college in Wichita. Before she began, however, she traveled to California. There she met and married David Allen Langton from Massachusetts. Their daughters, Nancy Joyce (Rush) and Kerry Dee (DeVries) were born in Southern California before Dave’s job took them to Idaho.  They returned to Long Beach, California, in time for their son, James David, to arrive and complete the family.     
  Betty’s parenting and teaching brought the love of learning and especially the love of Jesus to many children through the California years. After the children were grown, Betty and Dave moved to Fort Collins, Colorado, and then to Macksville, Kansas.  After also living in Hutchinson, KS, Enid, OK, and Salina, KS, they resided at Hilltop Lodge in Beloit, KS where they celebrated their 67 years of marriage.  Betty loved Jesus and was blessed with His presence all of her nearly 90 years.    
  Betty is survived by her three children and their spouses, 7 grandchildren and their spouses, and 16 wonderful great-grandchildren.  She is also survived by her siblings, Howard and Larry Roberts of Alva, and Peggy (Roberts) Stanford of Enid and by a much loved extended family of in-laws, cousins, nieces, and nephews.    
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Barclay College in Haviland, Kansas.    
  Betty's service may be viewed live online at:  http://citylinktv.com/channel/alva-marshall-funeral-home/ 
			