Funeral services for Edna Lorene Linder will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, January 12, 2013, at the Waynoka First Christian Church with Rev. Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Lorene will lie in state at Marshall Funeral Home of Alva until 9:00 p.m. Thursday, and at Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka from 9:00 a.m to 8:00 p.m. Friday and from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Saturday.    
Edna Lorene Linder, daughter of the late Foster and Lillie (Leeper) Rose, was born May 23, 1910, near Galena in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away January 8, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 102 years, 7 months, and 15 days.    
Lorene attended Twin Oaks school before her family moved to Waynoka where she attended Waynoka School.  She was united in marriage to James A. Linder and celebrated 50 wonderful years of marriage.   She lived her entire life in the Waynoka area where she was a well known seamstress.  She made many of her children’s and grandchildren’s clothes, sewed letters on the letterman’s jackets, made prom dresses, as well as doing alterations for Frank’s Department Store for many years.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, James A. “Bub”; one son, James Loren “Jim” Linder; one brother, Basil Rose; two sisters, Leona Suhm and Pearl English Crain; and one grandson, Jay Linder.    
Lorene is survived by one son, Ray Dean Linder and wife, Wylodean, of Alva; one daughter, Carolyn Calvery and husband, Robert, of Waynoka; one sister, Ora LaVerne Landers of Salina, Kansas; ten grandchildren; Mike Clapper and wife, Denise, of Norman, Robert Clapper of Wichita, Cheryl Jones of Waynoka, Jana Pitt of Oklahoma City, Jon Linder of Alva, Julia Schrock and husband, Kelly, of Alva, Alan Linder of Reston, West Virginia, Cynthia Linder of Wichita, Amy Beninato and husband, Paul, of North Andover, Massachusetts, and Barbara Linder of Wichita; her daughter-in-law, Hazel Linder of Wichita; 18 great grandchildren; 3 great-great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Schools or the Jay Linder scholarship at the Northwestern Oklahoma State University Foundation. 
			