Funeral services for Earl Dean Murrow will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, December 22, 2011, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Reverend Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Earl Dean Murrow, son of the late Leonard Daniel and Olive Carmolette (Ross) Murrow, was born July 18, 1935, near Dacoma, Oklahoma, and passed away December 18, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 76 years and 5 months.  
Earl graduated from Dacoma High School with the Class of 1953.  In 1954, he graduated from American Business College in Wichita, Kansas.  On September 2, 1955, he was united in marriage to Neleda Ann Johnson in Dacoma, Oklahoma.  Two sons were born into this marriage, Larry Dean and Gary Dwayne.  
Earl worked for C. R. Anthony?s in Alva then the Blackwell Smelter Company.  In 1958 he went to work for the Alva Farmer?s Co-op.  He later worked for the Columbia, Missouri, Cottonwood Falls, Kansas, Okeene and Banner Co-ops.  In 1971 he returned to work for the Alva Farmer?s Co-op.  He retired in1994 and started farming more land and driving an Alva school Bus.  
He was a member of the Otterbein Methodist Church and later transferred his membership to the First United Methodist Church.  He was a member of the Alva Golf and Country Club where he enjoyed playing golf.  He was also an avid bowler.  For many years he served as Secretary of the Pleasant View Cemetery.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his brother-in-law, Hubert Ging and a nephew, Tom Ging.  
Earl is survived by his wife of 56 years, Neleda, of Alva; two sons, Larry Murrow and wife, Janet, of Guthrie, and Gary Murrow and wife, Charlotte, of Alva; three grandchildren, Kristi and Adam Borth of Winfield, Kansas, Kyle Murrow and fianc?, Caitlin Borders, of Alva, and Daniel and Leslie Pugh of Woodward; two great grandchildren, Caitlyn Crawford and Rylie Pugh of Woodward; one sister, Betty Ging of Blackwell, Oklahoma, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Pleasant View Cemetery. 
			