Graveside services for Glenda Joyce Goodknight will be 1:00 p.m. Wednesday, March 25, 2015 at the Zion Lutheran Cemetery with Pastor Aaron Wagner officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
  Glenda Joyce Goodnight, daughter of the late Gilbert and Bonnie (Johnson) Kurth, was born January 7, 1945, in Blackwell, Oklahoma, and passed away March 21, 2015, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, at the age of 70 years, 2 months, and 14 days.    
  Glenda attended Blackwell High School.  She played alto saxophone in high school and the band marched in the Rose Bowl parade in the early 1950's.  She then attended cosmetology school and was a hair dresser for a time.  On November 8, 1964, she was united in marriage to Charles August Goodknight.  To this union two children were born: Charles and Ronda.    
  As a great supporter of her daughter and son, she stopped everything in her life to assist her son, Hoss and wife, Adrienne, in two Air Force deployments to the War on Terror.  It was then that she made such a connection with five of her eight grandkids.  She literally took over and saw to it that four kids got to school, were clothed and homework was done.    
  Later she moved to Alva to assist her parents as they were becoming older, showing the deep commitment to family that ran deep within her.  She worked at Wal-Mart, Dairy Queen and at a nursing home.    
  She was a member of the Zion Lutheran Church of Independence, Kansas.  Her hobbies included knitting, sewing, and of course, cooking.  She was a loving mother and grandmother, taking pride in the fact she had such great grandkids.     
  Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her brother Edward Lewis Kurth.    
  Glenda is survived by her son, Charles Alan “Hoss” Goodknight of Washington, D. C.; one daughter, Ronda Naifeh of Tulsa; one brother, Roger Kurth of Tulsa; two nieces, Shelly Kurth of Dallas, and Stacey Kurth of Tulsa; two nieces from her earlier marriage to Charles, Connie Burkhead of Neodesha, Kansas, and John Hare of Hope Mills, North Carolina; 8 grandchildren; 2 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.    
  Her family wishes her to be remembered as the great person she was and the better we have all been for having the opportunity to have been able to spend a little time with her.  God bless you, Glenda.  You will be greatly missed.    
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Zion Lutheran Church. 
			