Funeral services for Leatrice Joy Chelf will be 1:30 p.m. Wednesday, August 13, 2014, at Marshall Funeral Home chapel with Reverend David Shaw, pastor of the Waynoka First Baptist Church, officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Leatrice Joy Chelf, daughter of the late Estel and Cecil (Whitney) Haltom, was born January 28, 1926, at Oklahoma City, and passed away August 9, 2014, at her home in Woodward, at the age of 88 years, 6 months, and 19 days.    
Lea attended school at Highland Park.  On May 20, 1944, she was united in marriage to Paul Eugene Chelf at San Diego, California.  To their loving union two children were born, Estel Thomas “Shookie” Chelf and LeaAnn Chelf Venosdel.    
Lea and her family traveled to many states when Gene worked for Amerada Petroleum.  Lea worked for Ed Hodgden and the Red Bud Grocery Store, but most of her life was spent as a homemaker, loving mother, and surrogate mom to the children on the Amerada crew.    
Upon retirement they made their home in Alva until 2005, when she moved to Woodward to be closer to their children.  They remained close to all their friends they made in all their travel.    
Her hobbies were arts and crafts, making many gifts for her sorority sisters, friends, and family.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Gene; two sisters, Dorothy Mae Richardson and Ava Carol Zook.    
Lea is survived by two children, Estel "Shookie" Chelf and wife, Suzanne, and Lea Ann Venosdel and husband, Mike, all of Woodward;  four grandchildren, Chad Chelf and wife Keri, of Oklahoma City, Cassie Venosdel of Woodward, Cody Chelf of Oklahoma City, and Chenel Venosdel of Woodward; four great grandchildren, Abigail Chelf, Matthew Venosdel, Malea Venosdel, and Easton Chelf; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for cancer research.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			