Funeral services for Edsel De?Wayne Bixler, will be 10:00 a.m. Monday, May 23, 2011, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Edsel De?Wayne Bixler, son of the late Ralph V. and Kathleen (Freeman) Bixler, was born April 21, 1934, 10 miles northwest of Waynoka in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away May 20, 2011, at his home, near Waynoka, at the age of 77 years and 29 days.  
Edsel attended West Liberty School and graduated from Waynoka High School in 1952.  During his highschool years he was very active in FFA.  He then went on to cellege at Oklahoma A&amp;M where he received a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture in 1956.  While a junior at A&amp;M he received the American Farmer Award.  After graduation from college he enlisted in the Air Force Reserve and spent one year in active duty during the Berlin Crisis.  He was honorably discharged in 1962.  
On October 1, 1960, he was united in marriage to Patricia Sue Adams at Waynoka.  They made their home on their farm north of Waynoka where they farmed.  He also worked as a trucker and on the railroad for a time.  He was known as a very considerate and easy going man who loved his family and farming.  He was always happiest when he was on the farm.  
He was a member of the Alva First Baptist Church.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by an infant brother, Mark.  
Edsel is survived by his wife, Pat, of Waynoka; three daughters, Stephanie Michele Fritsch and husband, David, of Mesquite, Texas, Rhonda Rene? Maynard and husband, Rodney, of Davis, Oklahoma, and Sherri Sue Woodward and husband, Kevin, of Bartlesville, Oklahoma; one brother, Larry Bixler and wife, Sandra, of Crescent, Oklahoma; nine grandchildren, Natalie Brown and husband, Reggie of Mesquite, Texas, Tony Perez of Mesquite, Texas, Kendra, Zachary, and Joshua Maynard, all of Davis, Katie and Kellie Woodward, both of Bartlesville, Nichole Fritsch of Kemah, Texas, and Benjamin Fritsch of Mesquite, Texas; two great grandchildren, Titus and Lily Brown, of Mesquite, Texas; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Memorial Hill Cemetery or the Alva First Baptist Church. 
			