Funeral services for Frances Ila Brown will be 10:30 a.m. Thursday, August 26, 2010, at the Alva Church of the Nazarene with Pastor Bill Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Frances Ila Brown, daughter of the late Elmer Belvin and Lottie Eunice (Steward) Lyon, was born April 3, 1915, on a farm west of Alva in Woods County, Oklahoma and passed away August 22, 2010, in Alva at the age of 95 years, 5 months, and 18 days.  
At an early age, Frances attended the Cora Nazarene Church which her grandparents, C.L. and Emma Steward, donated the land to establish in 1922.  She was the oldest of six children and attended the Mt. Vernon rural grade school.  
On August 22, 1932, she was united in marriage to Frederick (Fred) John Brown by Rev. Maggie Hull at her home in Alva.  Following this union, two children were born, Betty Lou and Shirley Ann Brown.  
The tornado of 1947 wiped out the Brown family home northwest of Alva.  The family relocated to a new homestead west of Alva where they lived for a number of years.  
After her children left home, she experienced "empty nest? syndrome and decided to seek employment.  Her first opportunity was at the TG&amp;Y store in Alva.  Following that, she attended beauty school in Enid.  Upon graduation, she worked as a hairdresser for her cousin, Florence Dowling, at the Rialto Beauty Shop for several years before taking over full ownership until her retirement.  
Eventually, Fred and Frances moved to Alva and resided with their daughter Betty.  Upon moving, Frances attended the Alva Church of the Nazarene where she was baptized May 30, 1993.   
Frances was a talented individual who enjoyed sewing, cooking, gardening, canning and crocheting.  Her crochet work won her several blue ribbons at local arts and craft festivals.  Frances also loved to travel and enjoyed several bus trips across the US with family and friends.  
She was preceded in death by her husband, Fred; a daughter, Betty Lou Brown; her parents, Elmer and Lottie Lyon; two brothers, Roy and Leonard Lyon; and two sisters, Helen Lyon) Christianson and Fay (Lyon) Vincent.  
Frances is survived by her daughter, Shirley Ann Smith of Ponca City,  and her two grandsons, Mark Smith of Alva, and Darin Smith and his wife, Julie, of Norman.  Also surviving are three great-grandchildren, Dillon Smith, Shelby Smith, and Lauren Smith.  
Memorial Contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Church of the Nazarene for the Haiti Mission Fund. 
			