Funeral services for John Marquis Robinson will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, February 3, 2011, at Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. Bryan Bixler officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
John Marquis Robinson Jr., 96 of Alva, was born July 29, 1914, on the Old Home Place, eight miles east of Waynoka, Okla., in the Highland area to John Marquis Sr. and Sarah Jessie (Yocam) Robinson. He grew up in and around the Waynoka and Highland areas of Woods County. John passed away in the early morning of Sunday, Jan. 30, 2011.  
At an early age, John?s father taught him to be resourceful and how to make replacement parts for equipment that needed repair when no new parts were available. He used this skill all his life.  
On Oct. 4, 1934, John married Dorthea (Quinn) at the Pilgrim Holiness Church of Hopeton. They started their married life on the &amp;Old Home Place.&amp;  The couple later moved to a farm in the Chester area until John was called to take the physical exam for the WWII military service.  
He was told to make all the necessary arrangements for his family, so he sold the farm and moved his family back to Waynoka to be closer to other family members but was never called to report for duty.  
John purchased a flat bed truck, said to have been Charlie Hinks?, and continued the dray service in Waynoka. He moved many objects for the people of Waynoka, from pianos to carloads of creosote posts, cement sacks and sand from a railway car, and various other freight items.  
John made cement blocks for various building projects including the blocks used in the building formerly known as the Waynoka Laundry on Santa Fe Street. In 1948, the Robinsons purchased the Waynoka Laundry from Harold and Eva Lee (Quinn) Ashpaugh. They leased it twice during their tenure, and finally sold it in 1964 to their daughter, Lorraine, and her husband Jim Case.   
John also worked at the Ice Plant in Waynoka and later took a job with Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company. He retired in 1974 after 30 years of service.    
After John?s retirement from Santa Fe, he and Dorthea worked on projects together. They enjoyed crafts of all kinds and also discovered they enjoyed sewing quilts together. They sewed together for many years. John still enjoyed making quilts and lap covers for others into his early 90s.  
John and Dorthea were members of the First Church of God in Waynoka and Amarillo, Texas, later joining the same church as their daughter Elaine and husband Herb Hamilton, the Washington Avenue Christian Church, also in Amarillo.  
John and Dorthea lived in Amarillo twice, the first from 1954 to 1958, moving back to Waynoka where they lived until being transferred to Amarillo again in 1964. They remained in Amarillo until Dorthea?s death at 72 years of age on Oct. 24, 1989, at the Golden Age Care Center in Amarillo.  John continued to live in Amarillo after his wife?s death, and moved to Alva in June 2001, where he chose to live at the Homestead Retirement Community. In 2008, he moved to Share Convalescent Home.  
John was preceded in death by his parents; his wife, Dorthea; his brothers Roy Robinson and Clyde Robinson; his sister Sylvia Chritton; son-in-law James A. (Jim) Case; other relatives and friends.  
He is survived by two daughters, Elaine Hamilton and her husband Herb of Texarkana, Ark.; and Lorraine Case of Alva; grandson Mark Bixler and his wife Cindy, of Texarkana, Ark.; granddaughters Angelia Case and Valarie Case of Alva; great-grandsons Bryan Bixler and his wife Kelly of Texarkana, Ark.; Brent Bixler and his wife Mindy of Little Rock, Ark.; great, great granddaughters, Madelyn and Kathryn Bixler of Texarkana, Ark.; and Share roommate Bob Love; other special nephews, nieces, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Convalescent Center Activity Fund. 
			