Funeral services for Michael Lance Childers will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, July 10, 2010, at the Northside Church of Christ with Mike Marsalis officiating. Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a family visitation from 4p.m. to 8p.m. on Friday, July 9, 2010 at Marshall Funeral Home in Alva. 	 Michael Lance Childers, son of Lance Kelly Childers and Mary Elaine Ball, was born October 14, 1983, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and passed away July 7, 2010, in Dallas, Texas, at the age of 26 years, 9 months, and 23 days. 	 Michael attended Chandler Elementary and Middle School before graduating from Palo Verde High School in Las Vegas.  He served in the United States Army from 2002 until 2004. After Services to his country, he attended college in Las Vegas, Northwestern Oklahoma State University in Alva,  and later in Dallas.  He also joined his father in the security business in Las Vegas and Austin, and Dallas Texas.   	 Michael was a thespian, having received world class theatre training as a major part of his education in Las Vegas.  He used his theatre training in every day comedy that immediately put everyone at ease.  You couldn&amp;t spend two minutes with Michael until he would have a smile on your face.  Michael loved literally everyone, and was always quick to support others. 	 Michael was a true star gazer.  He would receive professional journals in Astronomy and read them cover to cover.  His interest in astronomy led him to pursue a career as a science teacher.  He would often quip, "The rocket scientist thing didn&amp;t work out, so. . . " 	 Michael enjoyed traveling, opportunities to appreciate nature, and the chance to share it with his loved ones.  Michael  also greatly enjoyed snowboarding, animea productions, and his pepper garden. 	 He attended the Northside Church of Christ when in Waynoka and was a member of the Cornerstone Group. 	 Michael was preceded in death by his grandparents, Carl and Norva Redgate. 	 Michael is survived by his father, Lance Childers, of Dallas, Texas; his mother, Mary Elaine Boren, and husband, Jeff, of Moore, Oklahoma; sister Kelli Elaine of Tulsa, OK; his grandparents, Alfred and Dorothy Ball, of Fairview, and Nora Jean Herman of St. Louis, Missouri; beloved cousins, and many other relatives and friends. 	 In lieu of flowers, the family requests memorial contributions be made to the Cornerstone Group, 6760 Abrams Rd., Ste. # 215, Dallas, TX 75231. 
			