Graveside services for Erma Pauline (Barnes) Hendricks will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, September 19, 2009, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery with Rev. Ron Pingelton, pastor of the Alva First Christian Church officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Erma Pauline (Barnes) Bagenstos Hendricks, daughter of the late Hi H. and Mary Catherine (Slinkard) Barnes, was born May 1, 1913, on a farm southwest of Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away September 17, 2009, at Share Convalescent in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 96 years, 4 months, and 16 days.  
Erma attended the Liberty School District #9 and went on to attend Northwestern State Teacher?s College.  She was a Certified Dental Assistant and worked as a dental assistant most of her life.  Erma was also very talented as a cake decorator and loved sewing.  
She was very active in her church as a member of the Christian Women?s Fellowship.  She taught adult Sunday school classes and was a member of the First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).  Erma was also a member of the Order of Eastern Star.  
Erma was married to Everett A. Bagenstos on April 14, 1935.  He preceded her in death October 22, 1971, after 36 years of marriage.  They had lived in Clovis, New Mexico, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Amarillo, Texas, San Angelo, Texas, Dodge City, Kansas, Waynoka, Oklahoma, and Wellington, Kansas where Everett was employed by the Santa Fe Railroad.  
On October 27, 1983, Erma married Tom G. Hendricks.  They resided at Wakita, Oklahoma, and later moved to Alva.  Tom passed away November 24, 1991.  
Besides her parents and her husbands, Everett and Tom, she was preceded in death by six brothers, Clarence, Don, Earnest, Fred, Harold, and Marion; two sisters, Loma Barnes and Eva Lane; one niece, Erma Jean Henderson; and one infant nephew, Marvin Moore.  
Erma is survived by one sister, Elizabeth Moore of Coeur d?Alene, Idaho; five nieces, Wanda Bishop of Claremore, Oklahoma, Patricia Terrill of Canton, Oklahoma, Nancy Case of Alva, Oklahoma, Mary Presnell of Lewiston, Idaho, and Peggy Mapes of Alva; two nephews, Leroy Moore of Spirit Lake, Idaho and John Barnes of Edmond, Oklahoma; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). 
			