Mass of Christian Burial for Catherine Marie Glover will be 11:00 a.m. Saturday, May 14, 2011 at St. Peters Catholic Church in Woodward with Father Boeckman officiating.  Interment will be in the Elmwood Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Catherine Marie Glover, daughter of the late Theodore Bernard and Lucy Elizabeth (Noel) Stottmann, was born September 26, 1927, at Ninnekah, Oklahoma, and passed away May 9, 2011, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 83 years, 7 months, and 13 days.  
Catherine Stottmann was born September 26, 1927, in Ninnekah to Theodore Bernard Sr. and Lucy Elizabeth (Noel) Stottmann. She was raised on the family farm six miles east of Mooreland, attended Curtis schools until the eighth grade and graduated with the Class of 1947 from Mooreland High School.  
She was united in marriage to Oren Edwin Beum April 8, 1953. They made their first home in Woodward for several years before relocating to Pampa, TX. To this union four children were born, Cathy, Florence, Bernard, and Greg.  
Catherine was united in marriage to James Logan Glover in November, 1974. They made their first home in Woodward and later relocated to Canyon City, Colorado, before moving to Canton. After James passed in 1984, Catherine returned to her family?s farm east of Mooreland to help take care of her mother.  
She worked several waitressing jobs in the Woodward area and enjoyed crocheting, gardening, leatherwork, fishing and reading. Being with family and friends gave her the greatest enjoyment.  
Besides her parents and her husband, Oren, she was preceded in death by her husband, James; one brother, Theodore Stottmann, Jr.; and one sister, Lucy Pitcherello.  
Catherine is survived by two sons, Bernard Beum of Waynoka, and Greg Beum and wife, Nila, of Peyton, Colorado; two daughters, Cathy Sarvash and husband, Steve, of Mustang, and Florence Barnard and husband, Raymond, of Mooreland; two brothers, George Stottmann of Ringwood, and John Stottmann and wife, Mary, of Laverne; one sister, Rachel Highfill and husband, Richard, of Enid; six grandchildren, three step grandchildren; five step great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to St. Peters Catholic Church Building Fund. 
			