LOIS SENSE    
Lois June Walderich Sense, daughter of Ernest and Pearl Walderich, was born June 17, 1918, in the family home in Dacoma, Oklahoma. She departed this world to be with her Savior on November 26, 2012, at the age of 94 years, 5 months, and 9 days.    
Her funeral service will be held at the First Baptist Church in Alva, Oklahoma, at 2 P.M. Saturday, December 1, with Dr. Greg Hook officiating. Burial will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of the Marshall Funeral Home.     
Lois spent all of her youthful days in Dacoma, enjoying her friends and experiencing the mischievous antics of childhood.      
After graduating from high school at age 15, she attended Northwestern State College in Alva then married George Andrew Sense in her parents’ home in Dacoma on July 21, 1935. Following their marriage, Lois and George established a home on the Sense farm where they engaged in farming and ranching until George retired at which time they moved to Alva, Oklahoma.    
Lois was an active church member, first in Dacoma and later in Alva. She served many years as a Sunday school teacher, pianist, and organist. She was a leader in the Loyal Temperance Legion for several years; she also served as an Oklahoma State WTCU organizer. Lois was called upon frequently to write poems and songs for weddings, showers, funerals, and other occasions.  On October 26, 1974, the Nescatunga Arts and Humanities Council presented her with the Humanitarian Award at NWOSU.  Lois served as secretary of the Woods County Development Council. She also worked as a Pink Lady Volunteer for many years at Share Convalescent Home in Alva, clocking in over 8800 hours. She was the last living charter member of the organization.    
Lois baked homemade cinnamon rolls for each resident weekly. Her Monday “Bible, Babble, and Bubble Hour” was a hit with Share residents who loved and respected her. She also dedicated countless hours to the establishment and growth of the Cherokee Strip Museum, serving as a board member for several years. Most importantly, she spent time with her family and friends, entertaining in her home with wonderful food, fun games, and festive parties.  Lois’ generosity to family and friends and dedicated service to the community will be remembered with fondness for generations to come.  Lois always loved her home and was saddened when illness forced her to live her last years in Share Convalescent Home, the very place that she served others so selflessly.    
She is survived by her faithful sister  and caretaker, Traca Fern Davis, her niece Janice Deanne Buckles, her great niece Tammy Michele Buckles, her great nephew Johnny Rex Buckles and his wife Tami Kaye,  three great great nieces, Amanda Pearl Daniels, Haley Michele Daniels, and Annie Grace Buckles, and great great nephew Johnny Rex Buckles, Jr., along with niece, Lynda Coley, great niece Kendra and husband Greg Nelsen, nephew Evan Lucas and family, and nieces Valda Fletcher and family and Elaine Slade and family.    
Lois was preceded in death by her beloved husband, George, who died in November of 1997, her loving parents, Pearl and Ernest Walderich, an infant great great niece Maggie Kaye Buckles, and a host of other family members and friends.     
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Baptist Church or the Share Convalescent Center Activity Fund. 
			