Funeral Services for Martha Jean Jones will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, October 22, 2009, at the First Baptist Church in Hooker, Oklahoma, with Rev. Randy Caddell officiating.  Interment will be in the Hooker Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Martha Jean Jones, daughter of the late Charles Marion and Druey Lillian (Williams) Hawkins, was born January 26, 1929, at Dawson Springs, Kentucky, and passed away October 18, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 80 years, 8 months, and 22 days. 	 Martha graduated from Hardesty High School, and attended Panhandle State University and West Texas State University before graduating from Panhandle State University with a teaching degree.  On June 25, 1949, she was united in marriage to Jack Russell St. Clair.  They made their home in White Deer and Odessa, Texas. 	 On August 29, 1969, she was united in marriage to Arvel Jones in Hooker, Oklahoma, where they made their home. 	 She was a member of the First Baptist Church.  She enjoyed  spending time with all of her family.  Her grandchildren and great grandchildren were her pride and joy. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Arvel Jones; three brothers, Robert Hawkins, Wayne Hawkins, and Charles Eddy Hawkins; and one sister, Shirley McDonald. 	 Martha is survived by four daughters, Deborah St. Clair of Hooker, Oklahoma, Drue Washburn and husband, Kirk, of Alva, Susan Thomson and husband, Jim, of Dallas, Texas, and ArVel White of Hooker; one son, John Jones and wife, Janie, of Blanco, Texas; one sister, Marian Laubhan of Alva; 10 grandchildren, Debbe Bates of Liberal, Kansas, Chris Harrell and wife,Susan, of Minneapolis, Minnesota, Kami Hanan and husband, Jared, of Edmond, Cory Washburn and wife, Sarah, of Alva, Dane Thomsom and wife, Christy, of Dallas, Texas, Samantha Thomson of Dallas, Texas, Ed White of Edmond, Sean White and wife, Jennifer, of Borger, Texas, Wes Jones and wife, Shanna, of Austin, Texas; and Kerri Gupta and husband, Jason, of Kiev, Ukraine; 15 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Hooker First Baptist Church Building Fund. 
			