
					
				Memorial services for Norman Dean Wilson will be 1:30 p.m., Saturday, December 27, 2014, at the Major County Fair Building. Inurnment will be at a later date under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  	    
Norman Dean Wilson, son of the late Robert Orla and Alta Elizabeth (Haltom) Wilson, was born October 20, 1934, at Galena, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away with his children by his side on December 22, 2014, at his home in Cleo Springs, Oklahoma, at the age of 80 years, 2 months, and 2 days.  	    
Dean worked for the Santa Fe Railroad until he graduated from Canadian, Texas, with the class of 1953. Upon graduation he served one tour in the United States Army.  He was united in marriage to Sharon Coffman and they had two children.  After his tour in the Army, he returned to work for the Santa Fe Railroad where he worked for 40 years.  In 1979, he was united in marriage to Mary K. Shaffer.  	    
As a young man he attended the Methodist Church and was baptized.  He was a Christian and believed in Jesus Christ as his savior. He was a member of the Waynoka Masonic Lodge #422 and the National Rifle Association.  He was an avid hunter and fisherman and usually took all of his vacation to coincide with quail season.  	    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Mary; and one sister, Pat Brady.  	    
Dean is survived by one son, Robert G. Wilson and wife, Karen, of Ft. Worth, Texas; three daughters, Kim (Wilson) White and husband, Bryan, of Vici; Wilinda Harmon and husband, Greg, of Fairview, and LeAnne Sciarrillo and husband, Al, of Edmond; and two sisters, Annette Ralston of Avard, and Kay Hartfelder and husband, Chuck, of Silverton, Texas.  	    
Also surviving are eight grandchildren, Cody Wilson of Ft. Worth, Cory Wilson and wife, Kristin, of Ft. Worth, Aspen Cook of Vici, Eric Schmidt of Shawnee, Brendan Schmidt of Oklahoma City, Cale Harmon of Fairview, Chase Reames of Fairview, and Chloe Ewbank of Tulsa; one great grandchild, Devon Wilson of Ft. Worth; other friends and relatives.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Masonic Lodge #422, the Fairview Firefighters Association, or the Vici Education Foundation.  	    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			