
					
				Funeral services for Maynard Shelite will be 10:30 a.m., Friday, September 20, 2013, at the Freedom Christian Church with Pastor Mark Kinkle officiating.  Interment will be in the Freedom Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Maynard Shelite, son of the late Charlie and Retta (Green) Shelite, was born March 21, 1920, at Capron, Oklahoma, and passed away September 16, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 93 years, 5 months, and 25 days.    
Maynard graduated from Capron High School with the Class of 1938.  He served in the United States Army as a Staff Sergeant in the 45th Signal Company.  In January 1942, he reentered the service following the bombing at Pearl Harbor.  He earned the EAME Campaign Medal with 6 Bronze Stars and a Bronze Arrowhead American Defense Service Medal.  He was honorably discharged on July 25, 1945.  He then attended Northwestern State College, majoring in Geology.    
On March 22, 1947, he was united in marriage to Norma Jeanne Lisman at Alva.  They moved to Freedom where, in 1951, he, along with his brother-in-law, Amon Vincent opened the Freedom Motor Company.  He later became Postmaster of the Freedom Post office, retiring in 1978.  After his retirement, he became a rural mail carrier, then worked as a maintenance man at Alabaster Caverns State Park.    
In 1955, he was baptized at the Freedom Christian Church.  He was a member at the Hatch-Vincent American Legion Post, Freedom Chamber of Commerce, and the VFW.  He was also a charter member of the Freedom Volunteer Fire Department.    
All of Maynard’s life, he was fascinated with refurbishing old vehicles. Another pastime was making stained-glass figurines and watching OU football.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his infant daughter, Jacquline Ruth; wife, Norma Jeanne, in February, 2004; three brothers, Leonard Shelite, Eugene Shelite, and Luverne Shelite; five sisters, Mary Drake, Minnie Artis, Velva Vincent, Alice DeVilbiss, and Lois Schwerdtfeger; and an infant grandson.    
Maynard is survived by his daughter, Michelle Schroeder and husband, Dennis, of Freedom; two grandchildren, Jennifer Kay and husband, Corey, of Coldwater, Kansas, and Jesse Schroeder and wife, Amanda, of Alva; five great grandchildren, Callie Elizabeth Kay, Tanner Ross Kay, Brayden Scott Schroeder, Parker Ian Schroeder, and Mia Elizabeth Schroeder; two sisters, Bernetta Warhime of Cherokee and Wilma Jespersen of Borger, Texas; other relatives and many friends including a very special friend, Phil Prigmore.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom Volunteer Fire Department. 
			