Graveside services for Kerry Lynn Evans, 51, of Taichung City, Taiwan, Republic of China, formerly of Kingfisher and Alva, Oklahoma, will be 10:30 a.m. Saturday, August 12, 2006, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery with Dr. Greg Hook, pastor of the Alva First Baptist Church and Cody Erikson officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Kerry was born October 20, 1954, in Pond Creek, Oklahoma, to Earl and Dr. Coeta (Grimes) Evans, and died in Taiwan, Republic of China on July 23, 2006.  He attended the Kingfisher Public School System, graduating from highschool with the Class of 1972 and played basketball for the Yellow Jackets.  He was a member of the First Baptist Church in Kingfisher.  He graduated from Northwestern Oklahoma State University with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Biology and Physics in 1976 and a Masters Degree in Behavioral Science in 1981.  He attended East Central University and received certification for High School Counselor and Psychometrist and Educational Diagnostician.  He taught 24 years in the public schools of Oklahoma as a basketball coach, science teacher, counselor and psychometrist.  He was also a Graduate Assistant to Milburn Barton at NWOSU, coaching the womens basketball programs in 1980-81.  During summers and vacation time, he worked as a Certified Private Investigator for the State of Oklahoma.  
On June 18, 1988, he married Debra Ann Hampton in Stuart, Oklahoma, and resided and taught in the Gore and Konowa area for 7 years.  He was an avid sportsman, hunting and fishing in his spare time. 	His desire to travel and explore outside the USA, especially to see and walk on the "Great Wall of China?, stimulated him to take a position on August 1, 2005, teaching school and coaching basketball with the International School, Taichung City, Taiwan.  
He was preceded in death by his father, Earl Evans; his grandparents, Homer and Mertle Gastineau, and Bige and Ola Evans.  
Kerry is survived by his mother, Dr. Coeta Evans of Alva; two brothers, Dr. Kendall Evans and his wife, Judy, of Aspen, Colorado, their children, Jamie, Jill, Scott, and Katy; and Kevin Evans and his wife, Tracy, of Woodward, their children, Taryn and Desa; one sister, Karyl Morrison and her husband, Russ, of Hudson, Ohio, their children, Kolton, Kelsey, and Kimberly; his aunts, Dixie Hays and her husband, Gene, of Foss, Oklahoma, and Ardith Gastineau of Weatherford, Oklahoma; his uncle, Earnest Evans and his wife, Helen, of Muskogee, Oklahoma; other relatives and many friends.  
In lieu of flowers, the family requests memorial contributions be made through the funeral home to the American Heart Association or the Lung Association. 
			