Funeral services for Robert Dean “Bob” Ellis will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, February 1, 2013, at the First Baptist Church with Mike Taylor officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery, Waynoka, under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Robert Dean “Bob” Ellis, son of the late Leo Otis and Nina Bell (Bolar) Ellis, was born July 15, 1929, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away January 28, 2013, at his home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 83 years, 6 months, and 13 days.    
Bob attended several schools before graduating from high school in Phoenix, Arizona.  He served a tour of duty in Korea while serving in the United States Army where he received three purple hearts, and three bronze service stars. while serving in Korea.  He was united in marriage to Billie Dean Sherrill at Blackwell, Oklahoma.  They lived in Blackwell before moving to Alva in 1965.  He was well known as a good salesman and entrepreneur.  He actually opened the Toot-N-Tell, the first convenience store in Alva.    
Bob was a member of the Alva First Baptist Church and a Charter Member of the Alva Moose Lodge.  He was an avid fan of the Oklahoma State University Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.  He was probably best known for his roping skills in the rodeo and his rope tricks.  He taught many young cowboys to rope.  He also taught his daughter, Kim, to be an excellent barrel racer.    
Bob is survived by two sons, Mike Ellis of Tulsa, and Rob Ellis of Chickasha; three daughters, Susan Anderson and husband, Larry, of Ponca City, Sherrill Meyer of Alva, and Kim Johnson of Alva; eight grandchildren, Robby Mavity and fiancé, Jennifer Wooters, of Ponca City, Kelle Fitzpatrick and husband, Gary, of Pawnee, Chris Ellis of Norman, Kacie McKnight and husband, Marty, of Tulsa, Ryan Ellis and wife, Andrea, of Shawnee, Taylor Charlson and husband, Matt, of Edmond, Jeremy Johnson and wife, Misty, of Alva, and Gavin Featerston of Pauls Valley; four great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Baptist Church. 
			