Funeral services for Idella Ione Hada will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, October 6, 2011, at the Alva Wesleyan Church with Rev. Harold Henson and Rev. John Smith  officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Idella Ione Hada passed away October 3, 2011.  She was born  January 31, 1920, to Oren and Leona (Merklin) Little. She married Elmer Hada on October 9th, 1938.  Because she had placed her faith in Christ as a young woman, she joyfully and faithfully served her Lord, her family, her community, and Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church to the last of her days.  
Ione partnered with her husband working on the farm in the Greenleaf community, but she also found time for her crafts, flower arranging, sewing, and poetry. Her creativity and craftsmanship was most often poured into quilting. Hundreds of quilts took shape on her lap, and many family members and friends were recipients of her handiwork. She loved music and enjoyed harmonizing on hymns.  She was a member of the Happy Hour Extension Club and Wesleyan Women Society and often held offices in these organizations.  She also worked as Fair Superintendent for many years. Ione spent her last years living at the Homestead and Share Convalescent Home in Alva, happily joining in the activities and socializing with friends.  
She is preceded in death by her parents, her husband Elmer, grandson Rex Faulkner, great-granddaughter Shelby Travis; sisters, Helen Renzema, Wanda Dressler and Eva Shinn and brothers, Don Little and Dwight Little.  
She is survived by one sister, Beulah Meiser, one daughter, Barbara and her husband Max Faulkner of  Alva; five sons, Gordon and his wife Bernice Hada of Drumright, Larry Hada and Kassandra of Mullen, Texas, Errol and Sharon Hada of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, Roger and Isla Hada of Alva and Allen Hada of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are sixteen grandchildren;  Dixie and Bruce Meyer, Roxie Martin, Ken Hada, Debbie and Bobby Moore, Duane and Marlene Hada, Angie and James Travis, Amie and Jimmy Richburg, Jamie and Andrew Newberry, Amanda and Lester Wyatt, Amelia and Brandon Bushman, Benjamin and Jennifer A. Hada, Dustin and Dana Hada, Jennifer and Allen Ondriezek, Shayla and Eric Edwards, Brandon and Latina Hada, and  Tandi Hada; and thirty-eight great grandchildren; Kristy, Austin, Justin and Mitchell Meyer, Lindsay, Mason and Josh Faulkner, Rebekah, Silas and Eli Martin, Kenny Hada, Taylor, Ryan and Jared Smith, MeKenzie Hada, Darcy, Vincent and Walker Travis, Colton Richburg, Andi Nicole, Jacob, James, and Audri Newberry, Avery, Lane and Josiah Wyatt, Lydia Bushman, Samantha, Cody, and Matthew Hada, Madelynn Hada, Kade Ondriezek, Lanaya and Rendor Hada, Morgan, Nate, Allie and Aiden Edwards.  She is also survived by a close niece, Rachel (Dressler)Lesslie and her husband Tim and their children, along with many other nephews and nieces.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Global Partners of the Wesleyan Church or the Elmer Hada Scholarship Fund for Oklahoma Wesleyan University in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. 
			