
					
				MARVIN WALTER HERMAN LOHMANN  Graveside services for Marvin Walter Herman Lohmann will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, April 9, 2014, at the Zion Lutheran Cemetery with Pastor Aaron Wagner officiating. Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.There will be a visitation with the family from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. Tuesday at the funeral home.Marvin Walter Herman Lohmann, son of the late Martin and Magdalena Marie (Brunkhorst) Lohmann, was born January 6, 1933, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away April 6, 2014, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years and 3 months.  Marvin attended Lonestar Rural School, Alva Zion Lutheran School and Horace Mann until his father was injured, at which time he quit school to help on the farm. On April 21, 1953, he was inducted in the United States Army where he served for two years. Shortly before his discharge, he was united in marriage to Marjorie Lou Ramsey on February 5, 1955, at the First Baptist Church in Nash Texas.  After military service, the couple returned to Alva where they settled on the family farm. Their union was blessed with two daughters, Teresa and Connie. In 1963, the family moved to the Leslie Ranch in Perryton, Texas and in 1967 returned to Alva.  Marvin started custom harvesting shortly after they were married and continued this operation until 1984. He also farmed and ranched in the Alva/Freedom area. They also made their home in Branson, Missouri, Fredericksburg, Texas, Kerrville, Texas, where he and Marge operated their woodworking and craft business. They later moved Eaton, Colorado, to be near their daughter, Teresa, and her family. Marjorie passed away in 2001, and Marvin later returned to Alva.  He was a lifelong member of the Zion Lutheran Church in Alva, having been baptized on January 15, 1933, and confirmed on March 30, 1947.  Besides his parents and his wife, he was preceded in death by one daughter, Connie, in 1963; three brothers, Gilbert, Herbert, and Edgar Lohmann; and one sister, Lorena Bodenschatz.  Marvin is survived by one daughter, Teresa Howell and husband, Brent, of Enid, Oklahoma; three grandchildren, Michelle Kruse and husband, Steve, of Aurora, Colorado, Ashley Howell and fiancé, Joshua Ramey, of Westminster, Colorado, and Lt. Brent Howell (United States Navy) and wife, Mandie, of Sidney Australia; four great grandchildren, Logan and Mason Kruse, Kaia Howell, and Zander Ramey; other relatives and friends.  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Heart Association.  &nbsp;  &nbsp; 
			