Funeral services for Roland Meyer will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, November 15, 2012, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Rev. Ron Argo officiating and Rev. Michael Taylor assisting. Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of the Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Roland Elmer Meyer, son of the late Herbert August and Lena (Haas) Meyer, was born July 20, 1927, near Okeene, Oklahoma. He passed away November 11, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma at the age of 85 years, 3 months, and 22 days.  
Roland attended school at Ingersoll and graduated valedictorian from Cherokee High School in 1945. In addition to being a talented basketball player, Roland also started farming in high school. He graduated from Northwestern State College with a Bachelor?s Degree in Mathematics in 1955 and later received his Master?s Degree from the University of South Dakota at Vermillion. He continued doctorate studies at Oklahoma State University.  
He volunteered to serve in the United States Army from 1951-1953 and was a veteran of the Korean War. On July 12, 1954, he was united in marriage to Edith Lucile DeWerff at Ellinwood, Kansas. He taught high school math at Attica, Kansas, from 1956 to 1958. He was a career math professor at NWOSU, retiring as the department head in 1987. He was a lifetime farmer and rancher.  
He was a devout Christian and a member of the Alva First Baptist Church for over 50 years where he was a deacon, taught adult Sunday School, and worked in the children?s department.   
After retirement, Roland fine-tuned his wood turning skills, and with Edith showed his bowls at many art festivals in the Southwest. In retirement, he continued teaching math by tutoring students in the community as well as volunteering for eight years at Bill Johnson Correctional Center helping GED students. Roland loved sports, watching many of his children?s and grandchildren?s games as well as following his teams on TV. He also enjoyed hunting and fishing. Roland learned to cook later in life as he became the devoted caretaker for his wife and was proudest of his pies.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by a daughter, Elaine Kay, and a brother Roger Meyer.  
He is survived by his wife, Edith Meyer of Alva; daughter Maxine Cunningham and husband, Myron, of Norman, son Bruce Meyer and wife, Dixie, of Alva; sister Frances Nelson of Denver; adopted brothers Bob Meyer and Bill Meyer who were raised by Roland?s parents; six grandchildren, Jared Cunningham and wife April of Norman, Kendall Speer and husband, Blair, of Norman, Kristy Meyer, Austin Meyer, Justin Meyer, and Mitchell Meyer all of Alva; and two great-grandchildren Walker and Jaxson Cunningham; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Bill Johnson Correctional Center Library Fund. 
			