Funeral services for Pearl Mae "Cindy" Kornele will be at 2:00 p.m. Saturday, April 19, 2008, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with the Reverend William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Freedom Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.   
Pearl Mae Kornele, daughter of the late Peter Leander VanBrunt and Helen Grace (Farrand)VanBrunt, was born May 13, 1933, in Flint, Michigan, passed away April 15, 2008, at Mercy Medical Center, Oklahoma City, at the age of 74 years, 11 months and 2 days.   
She attended school in Lapeer, Michigan and graduated the eighth grade.  She moved to Sun Valley, California where she met Joe Ellis Kornele.  On November 5, 1959, they were united in marriage in Albuquerque, New Mexico, at which time they moved to Alva.  She, Joe and their family moved away from Alva several times; once to Freedom, operating a Phillips 66 gas station and rented cabins for several years; and also to Atoka where they ran another Phillips 66 station; although they always returned to Alva where they maintained their home and established K &amp; B Roofing and operated it until Joe?s death in 1993.   
Pearl was baptized in the Pentecostal Church in Flint Michigan. In her spare time she loved painting, sketching, as well as corresponding with numerous pen pals across the country for many years. As an artist, she studied with Jack Hayward, the noted Alva artist. She took pleasure in being in her kitchen cooking down-home meals for her family and friends.  Everyone who came to her home was welcomed in her kitchen for something to eat or just a cup of coffee and conversation.  One of her greatest joys was being with her grandchildren.  Each one held a special place in her eyes and heart.   
She is survived by two sons, Dale Crandall of London, Kentucky, Ken Kornele and his wife, Karina, of Georgetown, Texas; one daughter, Jo Kornele and Daniel Northcross, of Alva; and two sisters, Ruby Johnson of North Ridgeville, Ohio and Barbara Rhoads of Grand Blanc, Michigan.  
Also surviving are eight grandchildren; Charity Digby and her husband, Dennis, of Enid; Patrick Covert and Cassie Northcross of Alva; and Joe, James, John, Clifton, Kenna, and Seth Kornele, all of Georgetown, Texas; one great grandchild, Domnick Covert; other relatives and friends.  
In addition to her parents, Pearl was preceded in death by her beloved husband, Joe and one infant son, Troy Lee, and one grandson, Joshua Covert.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Creature Concerns. 
			