Mass of Christian Burial for Barbara Hope Reichenberger will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, March 19, 2015, at Sacred Heart Catholic Church with Father Joe Arledge officiating.  Interment will be in the Sacred Heart Catholic Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
  Barbara Hope Reichenberger, daughter of the late Ora and Myrtle (Moad) Adams, was born March 30, 1929, in Sun City, Kansas, and died peacefully surrounded by her three boys March 16, 2015, in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 11 months, and 16 days.    
  Barbara graduated from Sun City High School with the Class of 1947.  She married her high school sweetheart, Cletus George Reichenberger on June 23, 1951, at the United States Navel Base in San Diego, California.  They remained married for over 50 years.  Barbara and Cletus had three sons:  John, Mark, and Jay.    
  Barbara and Cletus made their home in Alva where they remained until their deaths.  In 1960, she began working for the Alva Coca Cola Bottling Company as a bookkeeper, a position she held until her retirement.    
  Barbara joined Sacred Heart Catholic Church in December of 1958.  She was active in the Alter Society and loved to sing in the church choir.  She also took great joy in decorating the church and making it beautiful.    
  Barbara was an avid football fan until the day she died.  She attended every sporting event in which her boys participated and many events in which her grandchildren participated.  She loved watching Sooner and Dallas Cowboy football.    
  She was gifted with a sharp sense of humor and also was a great storyteller.  She enjoyed spending time with her friends and drinking coffee at Holder’s.    
  Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Cletus; and her three brothers, Glen, Neil, and Bob Adams.    
  Barbara is survived by her three sons, John Reichenberger and wife, Pattie, of Edmond; Mark Reichenberger and wife, Marita, of Woodward, and Jay Reichenberger of Phoenix, Arizona; five grandchildren, Lee Reichenberger, Clint Reichenberger, Hope Reichenberger, Sherry Peebles, and Chris Peebles, all of Oklahoma City; four great grandchildren, Keghan Peebles, Blake Peebles, Makenzie Peebles, and Marc Reichenberger; two sisters-in-law; two brothers-in-law; other relatives and numerous friends.    
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to The Salvation Army. 
			