Funeral services for Judith Ann Little will be 10:30 a.m. Saturday, August 30, 2008, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Rev. Harold Henson, Rev. Ron Olson, and Rev. Bob Totino officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family Friday from 6:00pm to 8:00pm at the funeral home.  
Judith Ann Little, daughter of the late Crozier Willard and Mary Lou (May) Bush, was born March 19, 1942, in Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away August 24, 2008, at the M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas, at the age of 66 years, 5 months, and 5 days.  
Judy attended the Little Rural School and Alva High School before graduating from Capron High School.  On June 22, 1958, she was united in marriage to Warren Little.  To this union three daughters were born, Leeann, Brenda, and Jullie.  
Judy was an active participant with her husband, Warren, on their farm and ranch northwest of Alva most of their married life.  She loved driving the wheat truck and the tractor, but didn?t like working with the cattle so much, but she did it anyway.  She was also the secretary for the Rural Water District for about 10 years.  Another favorite job for Judy was serving as the office secretary at the Alva Middle School for 13 years.  
Several of Judy?s hobbies were playing the piano and organ at Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church where she was an active member for most of her life, camping with her friends in the Do Little Camp Club, and going to watch her grandchildren in their many activities.  Judy and Warren recently enjoyed celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary with their family in Estes Park, Colorado.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her brother, Ron, on September 6, 2007.  
Judy is survived by her husband, Warren, of Alva; her daughter, Leeann Little of Alexandria, Virginia; her daughter, Brenda Little-Wilson and her husband, Dr. Chris Wilson and their sons, Caleb and Sutton, of Winfield, Kansas; her daughter, Jullie and her husband, Bob Totino, and their son Rob and daughters, Kelsey and Shelby, of Spearfish, South Dakota  
Also surviving is her sister-in-law, Laverne Bush of Alva; her niece Stacey Potts and husband, Jason Potts and their daughter, Hope, of Maceo, Kentucky, her nephew Aaron Bush of Kailua, Hawaii; her brother-in-law and sister-in-law, Larry and Carolyn Streck of Troupe, Texas and their family Brian Streck and children of Flower Mound, Texas and Mark and Holli Streck and children of Roanoke, Texas; her brother-in-law and sister-in-law, Ron and Sharol Little of Estes Park, Colorado and their family Rod and Janet Little and their children of Oak Park, California and Ty Little of Denver, Colorado; her brother-in-law and sister-in-law, Gordon and Sherry Hobbie of Altamonte Springs, Florida and their family, Ryan and Katie Hobbie and their children of Jupiter, Florida, and Erin Hobbie of Altamonte Springs, Florida; two nephews, Steve and Jill Little and their children of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, and Stuart Little and his family of Topeka, Kansas; her aunt, Eva Bird of Alva; her aunt, Margaret Taylor of Wichita, Kansas, her uncle, Duane Bush of Isabel, Kansas; numerous other family members and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cedar Grove Wesleyan Church Building Fund, the Share Medical Center Foundation, or the Greenleaf Fire Department. 
			