Memorial services for Pearl Marie Murrow will be 11:00 a.m. Tuesday, July 23, 2013, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Mike Taylor officiating.  She was cremated under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Pearl Marie Murrow, daughter of the late Ivan Alfred and Nola Garland (Beadman)Utterback, was born November 14, 1935, on the farm in the Manchester - Wakita area, and passed away July 17, 2013, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 77 years, 8 months, and 3 days.    
Pearl attended Burlington School where she was active in basketball and tennis.  During high school she began working at the Cherokee Hospital as a Nurse Aide.  After graduating from Burlington, she became a full time Nurse Aide.  She continued this work for most of her life.  Other hospitals she worked at were Alva General and Share Medical Center.    
While at Alva General, she met Virgil Lyle Murrow whom she married on March 14, 1956.  They were married for 54 years before they were separated by Lyle’s death in 2010.    
Pearl and Lyle had four children, Rita Darlene Murrow Bryer, Randy Leon Murrow, Regina Harlene Murrow, and Virgil Ivan Murrow.  She lived in Alva and on the farm west of town.  Pearl was active in helping with the farm work and she drove a school bus for several years.  She loved to take care of people and was excellent in doing so.    
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by one daughter, Rita Bryer; two brothers, George Lively “Doc” Utterback and Jerry Owen Utterback; and two sisters, Nola Mae Anderson and Dixie LaWanda Littrell.    
Pearl is survived by two sons, Randy Leon Murrow of Grand Forks, North Dakota, and Virgil Ivan Murrow of Alva; one daughter, Regina Murrow of Alva; one brother, Bill Utterback and wife, Maxine, of Alva;one sister,Norma Clark of Okeene; eleven grandchildren, Seth Bryer and Shaunte of Wichita, Amanda Freund and husband, Matt, of Coldwater, Kansas, Levi Bryer and wife, Lyndsey, of Woodward, Rachel Bryer of Woodward, Steven Murrow and wife, Rustelle, of Aberdeen, South Dakota, Tessa Wilson and husband, Aaron, of Aberdeen, South Dakota, Chelsy Treece and husband, TJ, of Woodward, Chase Moore of Alva, Shane Murrow of Alva, Courtney Murrow of Aberdeen, South Dakota, and Carly Murrow of Alva; 22 great grandchildren; her roommate at Beadles, Sally O’Neil; other relatives and friends.    
 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Church of God or the First Baptist Church    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com.    
She was loved by all and will be greatly missed. 
			