Funeral services for Ray Dean Nutter will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, February 2, 2007, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. Aaron Nutter and long time friend, Michael Kee officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka.  
Ray Dean Nutter was born December 15, 1946, to Albert Fair and Abbie Elizabeth (Cell) Nutter.  He was the tenth of eleven children and the first to be born in a hospital in Alva, Oklahoma.  Ray left this life peacefully on January 29, 2007, at the age of 60 years, one month and fourteen days.  
Ray lived most of his life in rural Waynoka where he attended Waynoka Public Schools.  He married Jennie Marie Lamke on May 21, 1965.  Together they had five daughters.  On January 4, 1985, Ray endured the loss of his first wife.  He later married Vivian Ramirez on May 9, 1985, and gained two more daughters, Cindy and Maria Ramirez.  
Ray was a skilled carpenter just like his Lord, as well as an electrician and a plumber.  He helped build and remodel many homes and buildings in the Waynoka area, including the Harvey House, the Waynoka Library, the Waynoka Housing Authority, and the recently refurbished log cabin and section house near the Santa Fe Depot.  He loved to hunt with his brothers who were his best friends and his numerous buddies.  He could frequently be found helping Vivian at her shop or cooking for his family and friends.  
Ray&amp;s pride and joy were his eleven grandchildren and his daughters.  He loved to hear his daughters sing and could occasionally be heard singing with them.  He had an awesome voice, although he frequently chose to keep it to himself.  He pushed his daughters through school and instilled in each of them a drive to succeed.  They all went to school and received their degrees on academic scholarships.  
He will be missed most by his grandchildren who enjoyed laughing and playing with their "Pop."  
He was baptized as a boy at a rural pond near Morning Star Baptist church after Vacation Bible School.  He is now driving his new pickup down the streets of gold in heaven and having the time of his life with his dad and mom, his brother and sister-in-law, Alan and Emma Lou Nutter, his sister and brother-in-law, Francis and Russ Geary; his sister-in-law, Lena Nutter, and his first wife, Jennie.  
Ray is survived by his wife, Vivian of Waynoka; his five daughters, Raye Lyn Bird and husband, Skeeter, of Alva, Mindy Zook and husband, Dale, of Waynoka, Gina Bohlen and husband, Doug, of Ringwood, JoDena Bradt and husband, Jerad, of Alva, and Roxey Nutter and her fianceÿChris Greenert, of Tulsa, as well as his stepdaughters, Cindy Ramirez of Yukon and Maria Ramirez of Tulsa.  
He is also survived by his grandchildren, Marisa, Zachary, Michaela and Chase Zook; Madison, Cheney and Liberty Bird; Archer and Hadley Bohlen; and Braylon and Brickman Bradt.  Ray&amp;s surviving brothers and sisters include Alberta Bissantz, Aaron Nutter, Pete Nutter, Don Nutter, Linda Strohmeyer, and Paul Nutter, all of Waynoka, Jim Nutter of Newcastle, and Larry Nutter of Crescent; and his aunt, Maxine Cell of Waynoka.  
Memorial contributions may be made to Marshall Funeral Home. 
			