Funeral services for Mildred Louise "Millie? Morehart will be 10:30 a.m. Tuesday, December 15, 2009, at the Alva Church of God with Pastor Bob Brown officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Mildred Louise "Millie? Morehart, daughter of the late Charles Noah and Lucy Mae (Martin) Crouch, was born September 26, 1927, on the farm north of Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away December 11, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years, 2 months, and 15 days.  
Millie attended the Greenleaf School.  On September 8, 1942, she was united in marriage to Paul Hada.  To this union three children were born, Charles Floyd, Lloyd and June.  They lived on the farm north of Alva where they farmed and ranched.  He preceded her in death.  
On August 5, 1967, she was united in marriage to Murrel "Curly? Morehart.  They made their home in Alva where she was a homemaker and worked as a sales clerk and secretary except for a time when they lived in Ponca City.  
Millie was a member of Town and Country Christian Church and later attended the Alva Church of God.  She was a member of the Ladies Moose Lodge for a number of years.  
Besides her parents and her husband, Paul, she was preceded in death by one stepson, Gary Morehart; two brothers, Charles Emmit Crouch, and James Gerald Crouch; and one sister, Susan Marguerite Carlson; and one great grandchild.  
Millie is survived by her husband, Curly, of Alva; three children, Charles Floyd Hada and wife, Edith, of Ensign, Kansas, Lloyd Hada and, Rhonda, of Alva; and June Gray and husband, Paul, of Moore, Oklahoma; two stepchildren, Linda Peterman and husband, Gary, of Alva, and Patsy Erskine and husband, John, of Lake Jackson, Texas; and one brother, William Thurman Crouch and wife, Kermalene, of Alva.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, Vicki Hada of Ensign, Kansas, Paul Hada and wife, Jamie, of Marion, Iowa, Clifton Gray and wife, Lara, of Tulsa, Steven Gray of Moore, Marsha Erskine of Spring, Texas, Leslie Huye and husband, Steve, of Missouri City, Texas, Scott Peterman of Shawnee, Todd Peterman and wife, Staci, of Oklahoma City, Chad Morehart-Dodd and wife, Mona, of Oceanside, California, Heather Morehart-Dodd of Tucson, Arizona, and Melissa Griffin and husband, Loy, of Kansas City, Missouri; ten great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for cancer research. 
			