Funeral services for Neva Jean Schwerdtfeger will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, December 6, 2014, at the Capron United Methodist Church with Rev. Torrey Curtis officiating.  Interment will be in the Capron Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family at the funeral home from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m. Friday, December 5, 2014.    
Neva Jean (Wilson) Schwerdtfeger, daughter of the late Alpha L. “Buck” and Verna Opal (Douglass) Wilson, was born August 10, 1925, on a farm southeast of Alva and passed away December 3, 2014, at the age of 89 years, 3 months, and 23 days.    
Jean attended country school until the seventh grade, when she attended the Horace Mann Training School for three years, then began tenth grade in Alva High School, graduating in 1943.  She then attended Northwestern State College, where she majored in Math and Chemistry with a minor in Physics, even though at that time “women did not take those classes”, graduating in 1946.  Jean was also elected to the office of President of the student body in 1945-46, the first woman to hold the office at Northwestern.    
Jean started her teaching career in Mulvane, Kansas, then in Hardtner, Kansas.  While teaching in Hardtner, she met Virgil Schwerdtfeger, and they were married July 11, 1948.  They moved to the farm, and had four children, Jere, Jan, Daryl, and Bonnie.  In 1962, Jean returned to teaching at Driftwood High School, then in Hardtner.  In 1968, she began teaching at Burlington School until she retired in 1990.    
She always stressed the importance of an education, and was very proud of the fact that all her children and grandchildren graduated from college, with many of them achieving advanced degrees.  After retirement, she and Virgil traveled and took care of the farm and cattle.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Virgil Schwerdtfeger; her brothers, Harold Wilson and Lyle Wilson; and a grandson, Jason Schwerdtfeger.    
Jean is survived by her children, Jere and Ruth Schwerdtfeger of Kingston, Oklahoma, Daryl and Liz Schwerdtfeger of Capron, Jan and Rodger Hill of Burlington, and Bonnie Walton of Talihina, Oklahoma.    
Also surviving are her grandchildren and great-grandchildren, Lieutenant Commander Henry “Hank” Schwerdtfeger and Cindy, Jeremy, Justin, and Joshua, of Corpus Christi, Texas; Ryan Schwerdtfeger, Bryce and Luke, of Wichita, Kansas; Eric Schwerdtfeger, PhD and Deena Schwerdtfeger, Lyle and Emmett, of Bartlesville, Oklahoma; Sondra and Kyle Hobbs, Gentry and Hank, of Cleo Springs, Oklahoma; Vicki and Jason Trousdale, Riley and Rhys, of Colorado Springs, Colorado; Vanessa and Chris Jones, Zach, Liddy and Mace, of Tulsa, Oklahoma; Robert and Natalie Hill, Lauren, Graham, Tyler, and Carleigh, of Burlington; Dr. Perry and Dr. Nicole Walton, Abby and Hannah of Ocean Springs, Mississippi; Dustin and Dr. Lindsey Walton and Lucas of Fairway, Kansas; brother-in-law Orlie and Donna Schwerdtfeger; sisters-in-law Vera Wilson, Margaret Thompson, Donna Mae Phillips, Eleanor Ring; nieces and nephews; friends, and former students.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Burlington Education Foundation or the Capron United Methodist Church. 
			