Funeral services for Eleanor Virginia (Greer) Noble will be 10:00 a.m. Monday, April 14, 2008, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family Sunday, April 10, 2008, at the funeral home from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.  
Eleanor Virginia (Greer) Noble, daughter of the late Percy Myron and Zeffie Mae (Perry) Greer, was born November 4, 1922, at Woodward, Oklahoma, and passed away April 10, 2008, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 5 months, and 6 days.  
Eleanor attended school in Woodward, then in Missouri for a short time before graduating from Woodward High School.  In 1944, she received her degree in education in science and home economics from Northwestern State College.  While in college she met James Harrison Noble and they were married August 17, 1945 at the Alva First Baptist Church.  She taught school at Isabell for one year, Attica for two years, then at Hardtner for 20 years.  
She was an active member of the Alva First Baptist Church where she taught nursery for the last 40 years and a member of the Gleaner Sunday School Class.  She was a member of the Jolly Housewives, now known as the Patchwork Friends.  She enjoyed flowers and gardening, wood turning, making stained glass, quilting and sewing, cooking and canning, upholstery, and loved birdwatching.  She was well known for her angel food cakes and dinner rolls.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one son, John Noble, in 1986; two sisters, Lucille Love and Mira Mae Corbett; and one nephew, Perry Corbett.  
Eleanor is survived by her husband, James, of Alva; one son, Larry Noble and his wife, Carol, of Flower Mound, Texas; two daughters, Joy Rhodes and her husband, Jim, of Cheyenne Valley, and Susan Good and her husband, Terry, of Oklahoma City; and one sister, Margaret Couch of Prairie Home, Missouri.  
Also surviving are eight grandchildren, Lance and Meagan Rhodes of Cheyenne Valley, Amanda and Zachary Good of Oklahoma City, and John, Kayla, Sarah, and Rachel Noble of Flower Mound, Texas; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Nursery Department of the Alva First Baptist Church. 
			