Funeral services for Cara Mae Murry will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, December 15, 2010, at the First Presbyterian Church with Pastor Judye Pistole officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Cara Mae Murry, daughter of the late Earnest L. and Clyde (McComb) Wilson, was born May 7, 1918, at Springlick, Kentucky, and passed away December 10, 2010, at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva at the age of 92 years, 7 months, and 3 days. 	 Cara Mae attended school in California before coming to Alva and graduating from Northwestern High School. On January 20, 1938, she was united in marriage to James Ivan Murry at Alva. Following this union, four children were born, Lois, Phillip, Nancy, and Gary. They made their home on the farm south of Alva where they farmed and ranched. 	 She was a member of the First Presbyterian Church and was involved in many of the church circles.  Cara Mae enjoyed art and painting. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Jim; two brothers, Horace and Hubert Wilson; one sister, Lorene Barr; one granddaughter, one great grandson, and one great great grandson. 	 Cara Mae is survived by her children, Lois Clark of Alva, Phillip Murry and wife, Sandra, of Alva, Nancy Shafer and husband, Raymond, of Alva, and Gary Murry of Alva; 15 grandchildren, Terri Hendricks of Alva, Tammy Clark of Ponca City, Vonda Knabe and husband, Kenneth, of Alva, Matthew Murry and wife, Linda, of Alva, Deborah Darr and husband, Shawn, of Alva, Wade Murry and wife, Carol, of Atlanta, Georgia, Andrea Finch and husband, Steven, of Enid, Leslie Shafer of Iraq, Shalee Shafer of Enid, Janae Shafer of Alva, Kyle Bergner of Alva, Brandon Murry and wife, Terranda, of Alva, Brandi Murry of Guthrie, and Richelle Murry of Alva; 24 great grandchildren; 7 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial Contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Presbyterian Church. 
			