Funeral service for Carl Vernon Redgate will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, June 13, 2007, at the Northside Church of Christ with Mike Marsalis officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Carl Vernon Redgate, son of the late Luther and Opal (Winn) Redgate, was born June 24, 1928, on the family homestead near the town of Brace, northwest of Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away June 9, 2007, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 78 years, 11 months, and 15 days.  He was the last of the seven children of Luther and Opal.  
Carl attended elementary school at West Point and Rose Valley, and high school in Waynoka. Carl served in the Army, and was stationed in Germany.   On December 28, 1956, he married Norva Covalt of Woodward at the Church of Christ in Bartlesville, Oklahoma.  Carl and Norva made their home on their farm about 10 miles northwest of Waynoka. Carl farmed and ranched until well into his 70&amp;s, when he finally decided to retire.   
Carl was baptized at an early age. He was a member of Northside Church of Christ. He and Norva loved the church, and enjoyed having people of all ages in their home.  Their son, Lance, and his children, Kelli and Michael, brought them great happiness. The family came to the farm often for hunting and family time together.   
Carl made many friends pitching horseshoes. He helped build the horseshoe court in Santa Fe Park in Waynoka in 1978. He and his good friend Melbern Hutchison pitched in tournaments from southern Alabama to northern Minnesota, and many points in between.  Carl, Norva, Melbern, and Wilma had many wonderful times together.  
Besides his parents, Carl was preceded in death by his wife, Norva, on August 10. 2005. He was also preceded by his sisters, Virgalee Carson and Zylpha Olson, and by his brothers, Gerald, Jim, L.E., and Robert Redgate.  
He is survived by his son, Lance, of Waynoka, a granddaughter Kelli Jones and her husband Jodie, of Tulsa, and a grandson, Michael, of Moore, Oklahoma.  He is also survived by his sisters-in-law, Esther Redgate, Cleo Redgate, and Joyce Redgate, all of Waynoka, and his brother-in-law, Kenneth Carson, Clovis, New Mexico, and many other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Oklahoma Christian University or the Northside Church of Christ.  
Everything with Carl was always ?copesetic?. 
			