Funeral services for Annie Mae Lewis, 82, will be 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, September 26, 2006, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Pastor William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Annie Mae Lewis, daughter of the late William Claud and Alpha Omega (Tull) Stuart, was born January 19, 1924, in Scott County, Arkansas, and passed away September 22, 2006, at Beadles Nursing Home, Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years, 8 months and 3 days.  
As a child, she lived on a farm west of Waldron, located around Hon, Arkansas, until 1943.  She then went to Wichita, Kansas to work at Beech Aircraft during the war.  Annie Mae helped build the wings of aircraft to be used on the Douglas Bomber.  The wings were sent to Tulsa, Oklahoma, to be installed on the fuselage.  She met Tom Lewis who was also working in Wichita at that time.  On January 6, 1945, the couple united in marriage in Alva.  The couple continued to live in Wichita for a short time.  In June of 1945, the couple located in Alva, making Alva their home.  
The couple had four children, Anna Dean, Tommy Dean, Jane Katherine, and Ronald Stuart.  Annie Mae became a housewife and devoted mother til all the children were in school.  The couple were committed to their children and were never left with a baby sitter.  After all the children were in school, she worked with her husband, Tom, doing manual labor.  She drove a tractor, hauled dirt, trimmed trees, planted trees and sowed many lawns in the Alva Community.  She and her husband mowed for the county.  She mowed on one side of the road and Tom mowed on the other side. The couple also remodeled houses and poured concrete.  Some of their work still remains.  After working all day with her husband, she cooked, cleaned, and cared for her family.  She was no stranger to work.  In 1990, the couple retired due to her husband&amp;s declining health.  
She planted a garden every spring and sold produce at the market located around the courthouse square.  Annie Mae became active with the Senior Citizen&amp;s group.  She loved to play dominoes, pool, and cards.  She belonged to several card clubs.  She also enjoyed making and selling crafts.  Her favorite color was red.  
Some residents in the Alva Community knew her by the name of Sid, a nickname given to her by her brothers and also her husband.  She and her husband enjoyed playing music.  In the evening, for entertainment, Tom played the guitar and Sid sang country songs she had copied off the radio.  Neither could read music.  Sometimes they would visit with other friends playing music and telling jokes.  
She was preceded in death by husband, Tom, in June of 1994; her parents, Claud and Alpha Stuart; a brother John Kenneth Stuart; a sister-in-law, Ama Stuart; two daughters-in-law, Brenda Lewis and Sharon Lewis; one son-in-law, Bill Kline.  
Annie Mae is survived by the couple&amp;s four children; Anna Dean Kline, and  husband, Frank Gonzales, of Mesa, Arizona; Tommy Dean Lewis and his wife, Monica, of Kingston, Tennessee; Jane Katherine and her husband, Jack Wiseman, of Rockwood, Tennessee, and Ronald Stuart and his wife, Ellen Rae, of Melbourne, Florida; six grandchildren and eight great grandchildren, Kendra Thompson and her husband, Eric and their children, Spencer and Bailey, of Bentonville, Arkansas; Tommy Robert Lewis and his wife Jennifer, and their children, Tanner and Taryn of Alva; Christy Lee Daubert  and her husband, Jason, and their two children, Dylan and Skylar, of Wichita, Kansas, Larry Todd Russell and his wife, Karen, and son Jacob Russell, of Phoenix, Arizona, and Chelsea Collins of Kingston, Tennessee, Kathy Jane Russell of Oklahoma City, and Charles Lewis Kline and his daughter, Olivia, of Lake Linden, Michigan.  
Also surviving are two brothers, J. C. Stuart and his wife, Pauline, and T.H. Stuart, a sister-in-law, Lessie Dean Stuart, all of Waldron, Arkansas, a brother-in-law, Harold Danielson, of Capron, Oklahoma, other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva  Senior Citizen&amp;s Center or Share Medical Center Hospice. 
			