Funeral services for Uva Dell Nutter will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, April 13, 2010, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. Chris Percival and Rev. Mike Paddy officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Uva Dell Nutter, daughter of the late Nelson J. and Vivian Ruth (Webb) Parks, was born August 13, 1927, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away April 8, 2010, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years, 7 months, and 25 days.  
Dell grew up in Waynoka and graduated from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1945.  She then attended Frank Phillips Jr. College in Borger, Texas, received her degree from Northwestern Oklahoma State University, and her Master?s Degree in English from West Texas State University in Canyon, Texas.  She worked as a Graduate assistant at the time she was working on her Masters Degree from West Texas.  
On July 17, 1944, she was united in marriage to Aaron Richard Nutter at Alva, Oklahoma.  She taught school in Harper, Kansas, Ft. Worth, Texas, Ft. Collins, Colorado, and Bethune, Colorado.  She later served as Director of Libraries at Cripple Creek, Colorado.  After their retirement, they moved back to Waynoka where they lived for 17 years before moving to Enid in 2008.  
She was baptized at the Waynoka First Baptist Church in February, 1937 and was currently a member of Garland Road Baptist Church in Enid.  Wherever they lived, she was active in the church and taught Sunday School, helped with Vacation Bible School, and served as the church pianist for several years at Calvary Baptist Church in Borger, Texas and Calvary Baptist Church in Ft. Collins, Colorado.  She served on the Board of the Friends of Libraries in Oklahoma and was a member of the Waynoka Historical Society.  She was a very caring person, helping people in any way she could and volunteering in many missions and organizations.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one infant brother.  
Dell is survived by her husband, Aaron, of Enid; one son, Terry Nutter and wife, Mary Ellen, of Enid; two brothers, Jim Parks and wife, Eileen, of Waynoka, and Dan Parks and wife, Juanita, of Derby, Kansas; four grandchildren, Sandie Rowe and husband, Rodney, of Yukon, Bryan Nutter and wife, Tabitha, of Alva, Marc Nutter and wife, Sarah, of Dalhart, Texas, and Lee Nutter and wife, Brandi, of Portland, Oregon; nine great-children; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Historical Society or the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for cancer research. 
			