Funeral services for Lona Louise Fiscus will be 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, September 17, 2008, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. Clayton Conley and Rev. Bob Brown officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Lona Louise, "Louise? Fiscus, daughter of the late Jacob Clarence and Thelma Rose Clemence Boland, was born on a farm outside Waynoka on June 6, 1925, and passed away at her home surrounded by beloved family on September 14, 2008.  
She attended school at Green Valley and West Liberty Schools and was united in marriage to Harold Fiscus on August 26, 1940. She was almost a lifelong resident of Waynoka- with the exception being the last seven years she resided in Alva.  She loved church and was an enthusiastic and tireless worker for the church and God.  She was a member of the Morning Star Church in Waynoka for many years and later the Church of God in Alva.  
Louise was a homemaker and took great pride in her duties, she was generous and enjoyed all the time she spent with her family and friends.  She loved to cook and was known far and wide for her homemade noodles and cinnamon rolls and other homemade treats.  
She loved children and was a large part of the happy childhoods of many, including Phyllis Kay Poole, her nephew Bart Gaskill, other nieces, nephews, and grandchildren.  Their house was always a place to find love and support.  They spent many years attending numerous children activities and fostering the dreams that made them the adults they are today.   
She was born on the farm and always felt the greatest satisfaction returning there every chance she could.  Either camping with that old cast iron skillet or later returning to the homestead where they had spent their honeymoon so many years earlier, she enjoyed it immensely.  
She was preceded in death by three infant children, her father, Jake Boland; her mother, Thelma Boland; and her sister Eldena Hodges.  
She is survived by her husband of 68 years, Harold of the home; her daughter, Barbara Walcott and husband, Bill, of Alva; grandchildren, Anjie Pepper Douglas and Clint of Enid, Garrett Pepper and wife, Krisi, of Waynoka; and six great-grandchildren, Colby, Mason and Samuel Pepper and Jacob, Will and Zarah Douglas.  
She is also survived by Bart Gaskill, and his wife Kay, and children Brock and Blake Gaskill of Southlake, TX, and Phyllis Kay Poole and family , many other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice. 
			