
					
				Memorial services for Nelson Eugene Ralston will be 10:00 a.m. Friday, October, 3, 2014, at the Town and Country Christian Church with Pastor Paul Cole and Jeff Ralston officiating.  Nelson was cremated at his request under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Nelson Eugene Ralston, son of the late Harry and Marie (Link) Ralston, was born January 10, 1933, in Avard, Oklahoma, and passed away September 29, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 8 months, and 19 days.    
Nelson graduated from Avard School with the Class of 1951.  he served four years in the United States Navy.  He then attended Northwestern State College, transferring to the OU Law School at Norman, where he also worked as a barber until he was admitted to the Bar in 1963.      
On February 6, 1960, he was united in marriage to Lois Zook in Alva.  To this union three children were born.  Nelson practiced law in Waynoka for a time, then worked at Tinker Air Force Base before moving to Boise, Idaho, in 1970 where he worked for the Veterans’ Administration.  The family returned to Oklahoma in 1980, where Nelson worked as a barber for a time.  Lois passed away on January 9, 1982.    
On December 16, 1984, he was united in marriage to Annette (Wilson) Hand in Waynoka, and they have resided in Avard since that time, where Nelson had his law office in the home.  Nelson retired from his law practice in 1999.    
Nelson was a member of the Town and Country Christian Church, the Woods County Bar Association, the Oklahoma Bar Association, and the American Legion.  He was well known for his sense of humor and always had something witty to say.  His family was very important to him, especially his grandchildren.    
Besides his parents and his first wife, he was preceded in death by one brother, Jim; two sisters, Ramona Wheatley and Gloria Jones.    
Nelson is survived by his wife, Annette, of Alva; two daughters, Becky Beckloff and husband, Don, of Oakwood, Oklahoma, Jennifer Cunningham and husband, Troy of Taloga; one son, Bret Ralston of Woodward; one sister, Dona Darbe of Guthrie; two brothers, Nolan Ralston and wife, Shirley, of Woodward, and Norman (Chic) and wife, Shirley, of Amarillo; 7 grandchildren; and 1 great grandson, Linkoln Lankford.    
Also surviving are four step children, Daphne Smith and husband, Mike, Beth Hatfield and her companion, Rick, Jim Hand and wife, Elaine, and John Hand and wife, Vickie; 7 step grandchildren; 11 step great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the charity of your choice. 
			