Margaret Merle Merrell, daughter of the late Reuben "Dutch? and Edna Violet (Root) Guthrie, was born July 11, 1926, in Woodward, Oklahoma, and passed away October 11, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years and 3 months.  
Margaret attended Mooreland Public Schools.  She worked at several restaurants during her life.  She also worked as a caregiver in home health care until her retirement in 1986.  She also worked as a Wal-Mart door greeter.  
She was a member of the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).  She enjoyed cooking, sewing, and quilting, but her favorite activity was spending time with her children, grandchildren, great grandchildren, and great great grandchildren whenever she could.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by two sons, Bobby G. Brawner and Gary D. Merrell; one daughter, Patsy Ann Brawner; three brothers, Larry D. Guthrie, Floyd Guthrie, and Charles Guthrie; and a sister in law, Wilma Guthrie.  
Margaret is survived by two sons, Ernest Brawner of Maud, Oklahoma, and Terry Swenn and wife, Marlene, of Alva; one daughter, Linda Beeler and husband, Bill, of Alva; one brother, Marvin Guthrie of Waynoka; one sister-in-law, Nancy Guthrie of Woodward; her daughter-in-law, Linda Brawner of Canadian, Texas; a very special friend in her life for the last 15 years, Harold Danielson of Capron; and a special family friend, Barbara Hancock.  
Also surviving are 23 grandchildren, Kevin Beeler, Richard Beeler and wife, Sylvia, John Beeler, Shane Brawner and wife, Lisa, Chrissy Marks, Shannon Carter and husband, Don, Jessica Reim, Amanda Brawner, Matt Laurent, Amber Purser, Brandi Wagner, Michael Garcia, Michelle Garcia, Thomas Garcia, Nicholas Herrera, Marcos Herrera, Lauren R. Merrell, Joseph C. Merrell, Tiffany Murillo, Kimberly Swenn, Emily Swenn, Lacie Swenn, and Julie Swenn; 25 great grandchildren; 3 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Medical Center Foundation designated for the Convalescent Home Memorial Fund. 
			