Funeral services for Fern Weibke Elise Schupbach will be 10:00 a.m. Friday, July 17, 2009, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Mark Bersche officiating.  Interment will be in the Lutheran Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Fern Schupbach, daughter of the late Johann Hermann Heinrick "Henry? and Clara Elisa "Bertha? (Hinrichs) Otte, was born April 9, 1910, on the farm northwest of Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away July 12, 2009, at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 99 years, 3 months, and 3 days. 	 On May 1, 1910, Fern was baptized into the Zion Lutheran Church and was  later confirmed on May 20, 1923.  Fern attended Pleasant View School.  On March 16, 1941, she was united in marriage to Ralph Abraham Schupbach at the Mount Olive Lutheran Church in Pasadena, California.  They made their home on their farm northwest of Alva, where they farmed and ranched for a living.  In 1965, they moved into their new home in Alva. 	 She was a member of the Zion Lutheran Church and Mary Martha Guild.  She loved knitting, crocheting, sewing, and traveling, and really enjoyed baking and cooking for her family and friends.  Spending time with her family was always very important to her. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Ralph, on May 11, 2002; two brothers, Walter Otte and Ernest Otte. 	 Fern is survived by one son, Louis Schupbach and wife, Janis, of Alva; one daughter, Suzanne Pralle and husband, Darrell, of Enid; one sister Helen Beisel of Burlington, and her sisters-in-law, Dorothy Otte and Doris Schupbach, both of Alva. 	 She is also survived by five grandchildren, Joelle Randall and husband, J. P., of Alva, Gina Vandruff and husband, Kyle, of Yukon, Ryan Schupbach and wife, Nhi, of Owasso, Oklahoma, Chad Pralle and wife, Debra, of Seattle, Washington, and Darren Pralle and wife, Stephanie, of Derwood, Maryland; nine great grandchildren, Whitney and Phillip Randall of Alva, Austin and Jackson Vandruff of Yukon, Sofia and Miles Pralle of Seattle, Washington, Elise Pralle of Derwood, Maryland, and Aiden and Liam Schupbach of Owasso; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Zion Lutheran Church or the Alva Senior Citizens Center. 
			