Linda Ellen Keller was born May 29, 1944, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Carl and Edith Taylor.  She went home to be with her Lord on March 15, 2008, at her home in Woods County, Oklahoma.  She was cremated at her request and there will be no services.  Arrangements are entrusted to Wentworth Mortuary of Carmen.  
Linda attended various grade schools as her father worked as a herdsman for various farmers and showed cattle for many years.  She graduated from Neshannock High School in New Castle, Pennsylvania in June, 1962.  Seven days later, on June 15, 1962, she married David Keller.  To this union four sons were born.  They made their home around New Castle where Dave worked as a mechanic.  In 1963 they bought Sky Blue Disposal Company and operated it for 13 years.  Dave also drove coal trucks, hauled mail, and operated a mechanic shop.  
In 1981 the family moved to Fountain, Colorado, where Dave attended Nazarene Bible College in Colorado Springs.  In 1984 they took their first pastorate in Guthrie where they spent four years.  They moved to Carmen in 1988 where Dave is pastor at the Green Valley Free Methodist Church.  He also owns and operates A &amp; D Keller Auto and the couple have owned and operated Keller?s Market in Carmen for four years.  
Surviving is her husband, Dave, of the home; four sons and their families: Terry and Audrey Keller of Carmen, Matt Keller and Linda Picarillo of Colorado Springs, Duane and Tina Keller of Edmond, and Adam and Amber Keller of West Union, Iowa.  
She also leaves six grandchildren: Marc Foutch of the United States Marines, Terry David Keller of Bangor, Maine, Allison Foutch of Carmen, Jaron and Jaiden Keller of Edmond, and Ryan Gould of West Union, Iowa; one brother and wife, Duane and Norma Taylor of New Philadelphia, Ohio; two sisters, Naomi and Ray Jordan of Midway, Pennsylvania and Jody Archinal of Granby, Colorado; plus many nieces, nephews, and friends.  
The family requests no flowers and memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Green Valley Free Methodist Church, Share Hospice, or for Linda?s medical expenses. 
			