Funeral services for Geneva Ruth Smith will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, April 6, 2010, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. Ken Higgins and Rev. Terry Phipps officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka.  
Geneva Ruth Smith, daughter of the late Elbert and Bettie (Taul) Morris, was born November 7, 1923, in rural Avard and left this life April 3, 2010, at Enid, Oklahoma.  On July 15, 1946, she was united in marriage to Floyd R. Smith in the parsonage in Medicine Lodge, Kansas.  
She lived most of her life in the Waynoka area, attending the Cottonwood Valley District #51 before graduating from Waynoka High School.  She spent some years following her husband Floyd to his naval stations which included Guam, Bethesda, Maryland, Japan, and Washington D.C.  After Floyd retired in 1961 they settled on her family farm in Waynoka, they moved into town in 1993.  To this union were born four children.  
She was a deeply religious woman and was a member of the Waynoka Assembly of God Church where she taught Sunday School for many years, and later the Waynoka Church of God. It was well known that her Bible never left her side.  She never shied away from hard work and enjoyed helping feed the cattle when they lived on the farm.  She enjoyed making clothes for her children and grandchildren, and entertaining and cooking for her family.  
Besides her parents she was preceded in death by a brother Aaron Morris, two sisters LaBerta Green and Laura Jones as well as three grandchildren, Stephen Ray Smith, K?lynn Smith, and Jacob Decker.  
Geneva is survived by her husband Floyd R. Smith of Waynoka, one son, Marvin R. Smith and his wife, Lois, of Waynoka, and three daughters, Elaine S. Willson and husband, Alvin, of Owasso, Oklahoma, Irma R. Phipps and husband, Terry, of Waxahachie, Texas, and Charla B. Sheeran and husband, Patrick, of Aledo, Texas;  2 sisters, Verna Davidson of Waynoka and LaEtta Phillips of Waynoka; one sister in law, Vera Morris of Waynoka; 8 grandchildren Tabetha Reeser, Stephanie Decker, Bill Willson, Edwina Smith, Travis Phipps, Katrina Smith, Tracie Benningfield, and Alyssa Sheeran; 14 great grandchildren Matthew Owings, Jeremy Owings, Stephan Owings, Reggie Jordan, Tawana Jordan, Richard Jordan, Tamika Decker, Joshua Decker, Latrice Decker, Gareth Phipps, Rylan Phipps, Melinda McNeil, Emily McNeil, and Tyler Willson and 2 great, great grandchildren Aiden Belisle, and Caziah Jordan.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Church of God. 
			