Funeral services for Ruth Ella Nutter will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, June 20, 2014, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church. Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Ruth Ella Nutter, daughter of the late Otto and Georgia Irene (Shearer) Golbek, was born February 13, 1938, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away June 13, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 76 years and 4 months.    
Ruth attended Manila School and Waynoka High School.  On July21,  1955, she was united in marriage to Gerald Edward “Pete” Nutter in Alva.  They made their home on the farm north of Waynoka.  She worked as a Nurses Aide at Waynoka Nursing Home, at Smitty’s IGA Store, and at the Dairy Maid, as well as cleaning houses for people.      She was a member of the Morningstar Baptist Church until it closed.  She then attended the Northside Church of Christ and the Hopeton Wesleyan Church.  As a family woman, she was devoted to her husband and committed to her kids and grandkids.  She loved cooking for her family and insisted they have a clean house in which to gather.  She always helped around the farm, milking cows, taking care of the baby ostriches, cooking for the farmhands, cleaning the equipment and doing whatever needed to be done.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Pete; two daughters, Ellie Waggoner and Cindy Ann Nutter; one brother, Floyd Golbek; and one sister, Mary Haltom.    
Ruth is survived by three daughters, Cathy Hummel and husband, Sam, of Waynoka, Karen Watson of Waynoka, Sharon Inman and husband, James, of Waynoka; one sister, Elsie Shipley and husband, Marvin, of Alva; nine grandchildren, Shawna McKinley of Waynoka, Bobby Watson and wife, Raychel, of Waynoka, Tonya Esquibel of Alva, Josh Inman and wife, Alyssa, of Waynoka, Whitney Gum and husband, Garret, of Guthrie, Chelsea Bixler and husband, Blake, of Midland, Texas, Taylor Waggoner of Waynoka, Payton Smith of Tulsa, and Conner Smith of Redlands, California; 10 great grandchildren, other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Convalescent Center activity fund. 
			