Funeral services for Donald J "Jake? Terrill will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, November 15, 2012, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Rev. John Clapp, pastor of the Bible Baptist Church officiating.  Interment will be in the Preston Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Donald J "Jake? Terrill, son of the late Jacob and Lena (Rivers) Terrill, was born August 1, 1932, in Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away November 10, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 80 years, 2 months, and 9 days.	  
Jake attended Farry Schools.  Jake was united in marriage to Wilma Benson and to this union two children were born, Carol Ann and Randy.  Jake married Bertha Burton in 1976 and instantly gained nine more children, David, Rebecca, Ruth, Ralph, Renee, Robin, Robert, Richard, and Rita.  Jake lived his entire life in Woods County, only leaving when he was in the army from 1953 to 1955.  
Jake was a member of the Odd Fellows, Northwest Tractor Club, Saltfork Craftsmen, and various gun clubs.  Jake did many things in his 80 years: he was a ranch hand, he worked on the railroad, he worked in the oil industry, as well as truck driving and dirt work.  He could drive anything with wheels and for a while he flew.  As a young man Jake participated in rodeos.  He loved horses, hunting, fishing, anything to do with old tractors, blacksmithing, reloading, and spending time with his children, grandchildren, and friends.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by two brothers, Orrie and Jim; five sisters, Lela, Helen, Mildred, June, and Hattie; one daughter, Carol Ann Murray; one step son, David Hillyer, two step daughters, Rebecca Kilmer, and Robin Burton; and two grandsons, Elliot Burton, and Christopher Mallonee.  
Jake is survived by his wife, Bertha, of the home; his son, Randy Terrill and wife, Angela, of Moore; son-in-law, Wade Murray of Hawaii; three step sons; Ralph Burton and wife, Lori, of Norman, Robert Burton of Enid, Richard Burton and wife, Koleta, of Alva; three step daughters, Ruth and husband, Alfred Spurgeon, of Hopeton; Renee and husband, Rick Boiling, of Lahoma, and Rita Castleberry of Alva; daughter-in-law Dee Hillyer of Tonica, Illinois; two sisters, his twin Donna Lockhart and husband, Bud, of Amarillo, Texas, and Gerry Benson and husband, James, of Clearwater.  
Also surviving are his grandchildren, Elizabeth and Randall Terrill, Dawn and Mike Jones, Aaron Province, Jeremy Hillyer, Dennis and Jamie Kilmer, Elizabeth and Joseph Sterling, Danni and Sol Carpenter, Bobbie Jo and Gary Harris, Donald Spurgeon, Erica and Bobby Kraft, Kitty and Mike Myers, Jimmy Mallonee, Rachelle Mallonee, Krista Hochhalter, Scott Burton, Brittany Burton, Luke and Lance Bolar, Tanner, Tyler and Terrill Burton, and Rance and Rylan Castleberry; 21 great grandchildren; a great great granddaughter; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made to the funeral home to help with funeral expenses. 
			