Funeral services for Walden Ralph Fleming will be 1:00 p.m., Monday, May 19, 2008, at the College Hill Church of Christ with Gary Henson officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Walden Ralph Fleming, son of the late William Wesley and Omie Ellen (Taylor) Fleming, was born June 6, 1921, at Gladstone, New Mexico, and passed away May 14, 2008, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years, 11 months, and 8 days.  
After Walden graduated from high school he completed an H &amp; R Block correspondence course.  He served in the United States Army Signal Corps during World War II, spending three years in the South Pacific as a Mess Sergeant.  
On January 6, 1942, he was united in marriage to Eloise June Kasbaum at Pueblo, Colorado.  He went to work for the Santa Fe Railroad, where he started sweeping floors and was General Foreman in the Car Department when he retired.  They had lived in Pueblo, Colorado, Clovis, New Mexico, Barstow, California, and Emporia, Kansas before moving to Mountainaire, New Mexico when he retired.  They moved to Alva in 1993.  
He was a member of the College Hill Church of Christ and the Enid Veterans of Foreign Wars.  While living in Mountainaire, they were both involved in the Senior Olympics and were very successful.  As an outdoorsman, he enjoyed raising vegetables in his garden.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one infant son; three infant daughters; an infant brother; three brothers, William Fleming, Lawrence Fleming, and Keith Fleming; and two sisters, Rena Fleming, and Erma Smith.  
Walden is survived by his wife, June, of Alva; three sons, Walden R. Fleming, Jr. of Altus, Oklahoma, Gary Alan Fleming and his wife, Sharon, of Fresno, California, and Randall Lynn Fleming and his wife, Terry, of Lake Havasu, Arizona; and one daughter, Pamela Kay Moore and her husband, Russell, of Basehor, Kansas.  
Also surviving are 14 grandchildren, Tonya Fleming of Barstow, California, James Fleming of Frederick, Oklahoma, Gary Fleming, Jr. of Lodi, California, Rhonda Sperling of Lodi, California, Sherra Fleming of San Francisco, California,  Jason Moore who is serving in the Air Force, Kerel Stone of Alva, Sarah Jaremko of Basehor, Kansas, Brian Moore of Basehor, Kansas, Amanda Gilleard of Aloha, Oregon, Kimberly Harrington of Lake Havasu City, Arizona, Sean Fleming of Flagstaff, Arizona, Eric Fleming of Tigard, Oregon, and Ronnie Fleming of Goodyear, Arizona; 14 great grandchildren; 14 great-great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the College Hill Church of Christ Bible Chair. 
			