Esther Ruth Clemence, daughter of the late Floyd William and EthelMae (Springer) Woolley, was born July 17, 1919, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away November 26, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 95years, 4 months, and 9 days.  She was cremated at her request and memorial services will be at a later date.    
  Esther attended the Cottonwood School through the eighth grade. She dreamed of having her nursing degree but due to the poor economy at the time her family was unable to send her. Therefore she opted to attend school one more year the only way she knew how &amp; that was to again take 8th grade classes.  On January 28, 1935, she was united in marriage to Clyde Franklin Clemence by Rev. Smith in the Church of God Parsonage in Waynoka.    
  Clyde &amp; Esther were lifelong citizens of Waynoka where they owned and operated Phillips 66, Clemence Laundry, and Thrifty Wise, later known as Century Foods.  She has been retired since 2001.     
  She was an active member of the Waynoka First Church of God where she served with the Women of the Church of God (Missions) and taught Sunday School for the youth for over 20 years. While her children were in school she hosted many parties for them and often invited Pastors and friends to wonderful Sunday dinners following church. Esther loved sewing and making beautiful outfits for her daughter and 5 granddaughters;  She also enjoyed quilting with friends at Senior Citizens and was a fantastic cook.     
  Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Clyde Clemence; one daughter, Janice Riboni; one brother, Ralph Woolley; two sisters, Daisy Minnie Duncan and Florence Ethel Like; and four grandchildren, Stephanie Clemence Rushing, Michael Rushing, Keath Rushing, and Erica Rushing.    
  Esther is survived by one son, Eldon Clemence and wife, Norma, of Aurora, Colorado; four grandchildren, Lanas Taylor Long of Waynoka, Kelli Clemence Saffell and husband, Kirk, of San Antonio, Texas, LaJan Taylor of Galena, Missouri, and Penny Clemence Engler and husband, Bruce Turner, of Aurora, Colorado; four great grandchildren, Kathryn Saffell of New York City, New York, Rebecca Saffell of Austin, Texas, Kyle Engler of Aurora, Colorado; and Hanson Long of Alva; other relatives and friends.    
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka  First Church of God Missions.     
  Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			