Funeral services for Naomi Mae Davis of Carmen, Oklahoma, will be 11:00 a.m. Thursday, February 11, 2010, at the Carmen Christian Church with Rev. Kirk Board officiating.  Interment will be in the Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC of Carmen.  There will be a family visitation from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. Wednesday, February 10, 2010. 	 Naomi Mae Davis, daughter of the late Lester Eugene and Alma F. (Elwell) Solf, was born January 9, 1927, at Cherokee, Oklahoma, and passed away at the age of 83 years and 26 days. 	 Naomi attended school in Carmen.  On July 25, 1943, she was united in marriage to Jimmy Claude Davis at Cherokee, Oklahoma.  To this union three sons were born: Jim, Sammy, and Bruce.  In 1960 she returned to high school, graduating in 1961, the year before her oldest son.  She and Jimmy farmed and ranched and raised race horses in the Carmen area. 	 Naomi was lifelong member of the Carmen Christian Church.  She enjoyed country western music, watching square dancing and polka dancing, reading, and working word search puzzles.  She also enjoyed knitting and quilting.  Naomi was a sports enthusiast and attended all her sons sporting events as well as watching OU and OSU games on television. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Jimmy; two brothers, Conrad Solf and Dean Solf; and two sisters, Lola Humphrey and Peggy Vannote. 	 Naomi is survived by her sons, Jim L. Davis, O.D. and wife, Kay, of Killeen, Texas, Sammy E. Davis and wife, Connie, of Orange, Texas, and Bruce E. Davis and wife, Virginia, of Houston, Texas; seven grandchildren, Tara Davis of Killeen, Texas, Joshua Davis and wife, Robin, of Belton, Texas, Stephanie Moss and husband, David, of Bethel, Missouri, Tony Montoya and wife, Marne, of Lampasas, Texas, Andrea Davis of Fort Worth, Texas, Jonathan Davis and wife, Mary, of League City, Texas, and Kristen Davis of Enid, Oklahoma. 	 Also surviving are seven great grandchildren; two sisters-in-law, Lavina Clark and husband, Bud, of Alva, Oklahoma, and Lacada Davis of Carmen, Oklahoma; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Carmen First Responders, the Carmen Fire Department, or the Carmen Christian Church. 
			