Graveside services for Clyde Eldon Brown will be 1:00 p.m. Thursday, January 3, 2008, at the Square Cedar Cemetery near Cleo Springs, Oklahoma, with Rev Ken Smith officiating.  Interment is under Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.  There will be a visitation with the family Wednesday, January 2, 2008 at Wentworth Mortuary in Carmen from 4:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.  
Clyde Eldon Brown, son of Francis and Clyde Earl Brown, was born February 24, 1921 in Aline, Oklahoma, and passed away December 19. 2007, at  Wittman, Arizona, at the age of 86 years, 9 months and 25 days.  
Clyde grew up in Aline and graduated from Aline High School.  He was united in marriage to Doris Ethlyn Nickel and moved to southern California.  To this union three daughters, Delores, Ginger and Cheryl, were born.  
Clyde worked at many trades and was interested in home construction.  He became a General Contractor and was recognized as a quality home builder.  One morning he awoke to find a sign posted on his front lawn.  It read "Better Built Homes by Clyde E. Brown."  A customer was so pleased with his new home, he placed it there.  
Bakersfield had experienced a large earthquake and was in need of extra help rebuilding the area.  After many years in home construction, he went into the trenching and grading business, also raising cotton on the side.  Doris had always done the bookkeeping and helped with the cotton.  
Clyde and Doris enjoyed their many visits to Arizona and decided to semi-retire there.  They bought some land in Salome where they grew alfalfa and had a few cattle.  They managed a pistachio orchard for a while and had some mines.  
When Doris became ill, Clyde cared for her until she passed away in August, 1992.  They were married for over 50 years.  He did various jobs to keep busy including selling vintage cars and trucks.  
To be closer to medical facilities, he moved to Wittman, Arizona.  Kriss Lambert was his care giver and good friend for several years.  He was known to family and his many friends as "Buddy" and "Brownie."  He will be loved and missed by his family and many friends.  
Besides his parents and his wife, he was preceded in death by one daughter, Delores.  
Clyde is survived by two daughters, Ginger McCarthy and her husband, Jack, from southern California, and Cheryl Basta and her husband, Pete, of northern California; and two grandchildren, Vincent and Lisa.  
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Aline Alumni or Circle of Love Hospice. 
			