Funeral services for Dorothy K. Otte will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, December 21, 2011, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Aaron Wagner officiating.  Interment will be in the Zion Lutheran Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Dorothy K. Otte, daughter of the late Conrad and Elizabeth (Schupbach) Kraft, was born December 27, 1912, at Burlington, Oklahoma, and passed away December 18, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 98 years, 11 months, and 21 days.  
Dorothy attended Burlington School.  On April 25, 1942, she was united in marriage to Ernest William (Ernie) Otte.  They lived on the farm west of Alva until 1956 when they moved to Alva.  He preceded her in death on November 6, 1985.  She continued to live in their house until she moved to the Homestead in 2005, and to the nursing home in 2008.  
She baptized and confirmed as a member of the Zion Lutheran Church on August 1, 1943.  She enjoyed working puzzles, playing cards, reading books, and sewing.  She loved spending time with her family, especially her grandchildren.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by five brothers, Bill Kraft, John Kraft, Mike Kraft, Benjamin Kraft, and Fred Kraft; three sisters, Sophia Fullington, Emma Meister, and her twin sister, Dora Diel; and one grandson, Marvin Province.  
Dorothy is survived by one son, Ernest Dean Otte and wife, Verlinda, of Alva; two daughters, Betty Province, of Alva, and Diana Jansen and husband, Darrell, of Westminster, Colorado; two sisters, Irene (Honey) Kisling of Enid, and Eula Elliott of Cherokee and her sister-in-law Helen Beisel of Burlington.  
Also surviving are eight grandchildren, Carolyn King and husband, Kenny, of Alva, Mack Province of Alva, Mike Province of Alva, Mark Province of Alva, Mickey Province and wife, Penny, of Higgins, Texas, Tina Toth and husband, Mike, of Broomfield, Colorado, Tara Warwick and husband, Jonathan, of Edmond; and Misty Otte of Oklahoma City; 16 great grandchildren; 17 great great grandchildren plus one on the way; 2 great great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Senior Citizen Center. 
			