Funeral services for Shirley Jean Snow will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, March 16, 2011, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. Ken Higgins officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka.  
Shirley Jean Snow, daughter of the late Charles William and Florence Ethel (Woolley) Like, was born March 13, 1937, and passed away March 12, 2011, at Integris Baptist Medical Center in Oklahoma City, at the age of 73 years, 11 months, and 29 days.  
Shirley was raised in Waynoka and graduated from Waynoka High School.  On October 2, 1975, she was united in marriage to J.L. Snow at Kiowa, Kansas.  
She was a medical secretary at the Waynoka Clinic before working at James Crabtree Correctional Center as the warden?s secretary.  She enjoyed playing bridge, playing the piano, and was a devoted wife, mother, and grandmother.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by a brother, Randy Like.  
Shirley is survived by her husband, J.L., of Waynoka; four sons, Allen Whipple and wife, Joni, of Lawrenceville, New Jersey, Mike Whipple of Waynoka, Steven Snow and wife, Pam, of Tucson, Arizona, and Scott Snow of Phoenix, Arizona; two daughters, Susan Hamand and husband,  William, of Grandfield,  and Laura Ferguson and husband, Hal, of Freedom; and one brother, Charles Like and wife, Pat, of Glenwood Springs, Colorado.  
Also surviving are 15 grandchildren, Colby Whipple and Caleb Whipple, both of Lawrenceville, New Jersey, Dustin Whipple of Oklahoma City, Sienna Whipple of Waynoka, Lynsey Turlington and husband, Reb, of Grandfield, Blake Hamand of Oklahoma City, Kobe Hamand of Grandfield, Chelsea White and husband, Kevin, of Edmond, Cody Ferguson of Freedom, Joseph Snow, Joshua Snow, and Seth Snow, all of Tucson, Arizona, Jesse Snow of Phoenix, Arizona, and Mandy Snow and Jerry Snow, both of Apache Junction, Arizona; five great grandchildren; two nephews, Danny Like and wife, Michelle, Todd Like; niece, Andrea Barth and husband, Rick; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to LVAD Memorial Fund (Integris Advanced Cardiac Care). 
			