Graveside services for Derr J. "J.D.? Kysar will be 2:30 p.m. Friday, March 16, 2012, at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with Bill David Walker officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Derr J. "J.D.? Kysar, son of Fletcher Derr and Juanita (Wilson) Kysar, was born March 5, 1929, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away March 13, 2012, at the age of 83 years and 7 days.  
J. D. finished his schooling in Waynoka and worked for the Railway Ice Plant before working as a switchman- brakeman for the Santa Fe Railroad for 42 years.  In 1950, he was united in marriage to Eva Jean Ellis and they had four children.  In 1951, he was drafted into the Korean Conflict and served 21 months.  
He was a member of the Elm and Murrow Church of Christ.  He enjoyed hunting and fishing.  He helped his friend, Elvin King, with his cattle.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother; two sisters-in-law; three brothers-in-law; and one great granddaughter.  
J. D. Is survived by his wife, Jeannie, of Waynoka; two sons, Roger Kysar and wife, Lynette, of Amarillo, Texas, Scott Kysar and wife, Robin, of Waynoka; two daughters, Beth Baird and husband, Harvey, of Sharon, Oklahoma, and Gail King and husband, Mike, of Seiling; two brothers, Sammy Kysar and wife, Oleta, of Bethany; and Danny Strohmeyer and wife, Linda, of Waynoka.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, Brian Kysar of Amarillo, Angie Rodriguez and husband, Roy, of Portland, Texas, Cindy Cano and husband, Chris, of Collinsville, Oklahoma, Brandon Kysar and wife, Kim, of Edmond, Ashlyn Moser and husband, Nate, of Edmond, Preston Kysar and wife, Katelyn, of Edmond, Erin Treese of Tampa, Florida, Tracy Johnson of Mooreland, Kelly Mendenhall and husband, Jason of Edmond, Kayla Daugherty and husband, Travis, of Clinton, and Cody King of Chester; eleven great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Alzheimer?s or Diabetes Research. 
			