Funeral services for Melbern Gene Hutchison will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, October 31, 2007, at the Northside Church of Christ with Mike Marsalis and Rodney Guy officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Melbern Gene Hutchison, son of the late Warren James and Elsie (Inman) Hutchison, was born September 24, 1928, at the old home place at Togo, Major County, Oklahoma, and passed away October 28, 2007, at Kindred Care Hospital at Oklahoma City, at the age of 79 years, 1 month, and 4 days.  
Melbern attended school at Cheyenne Valley. At the age of 18, he was united in marriage to his one and only sweetheart, Wilma Walker, on December 5, 1946, in Medicine Lodge, Kansas. They made their home south of Waynoka along the Cimarron River and next to Lone Mountain where he engaged in farming and ranching.  
To this union was born a daughter, Melba Sue and a son, Jeryl Gene. Melbern and his family then transferred to many states following the oilfield and road construction. He worked as an oil rig hand and heavy equipment operator.  
Melbern and his family returned back to Waynoka in 1959 settling into the old farm house. He worked pumping oil wells, farming and ranching until retiring in 1986. At that time Melbern and Wilma moved out of the old farm house and into Waynoka.  
Melbern was a member of the Northside Church of Christ in Waynoka. His hobbies included pitching horseshoes (including traveling to world tournaments), bowling, arrow head hunting, antique shopping and collecting, playing pitch, riding motorcycles, and visiting with friends.  
Melbern had a love for all people and made his rounds when in good health visiting people of all walks of life and called people at home when he was unable to get out and about. He enjoyed good friends, family, and country, and gospel music. He had a devoted love for Christ and an honorable respect for our American Troops. He faithfully served the Lord and proudly flew the United States Flag.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his son, Jeryl Gene Hutchison, and brother, Donnie Hutchison.  
Melbern is survived by his wife, Wilma of Waynoka; his daughter, Melba Sue Davidson and her husband, Larry, of Waynoka; grandchildren, Marlana Mills and her husband, Rodney, of Ark City, Kansas, Michael Davidson and his wife, Pamala, of Waynoka, Ryan Hutchison of Las Vegas, Nevada, and Jerod Hutchison of Denver, Colorado; greatgrandchildren, Sierra and Cheyenne Davidson and Blake and Ashlynn Mills; his brother, Harold Dean Hutchison and his wife, Tomi, of Vici, Oklahoma; his sister, Betty Lou Betzen and her husband, Pete, of Wichita, Kansas; many nieces and nephews; and a multitude of Christian brothers and sisters, family and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Northside Church of Christ or the Waynoka Historical Society. 
			