Funeral services for Neal V. Arndt will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, December 8, 2008, at the Alva Church of the Nazarene with Rev. William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Neal V. Arndt, son of the late Lawrence Perry and Zelma Letha (Arb) Arndt, was born January 7, 1941, at Whitehorse, Oklahoma, and passed away December 4, 2008, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 67 years, 10 months, and 27 days.  
Neal attended Alva Schools.  On November 2, 1961, he was united in marriage to Georgia Ann Fowler at Waynoka, Oklahoma.  They made their home in Alva where he owned and operated an automobile repair shop.  
He was a member of the Church of the Nazarene.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one grandchild, Jason Adams.  
Neal is survived by his wife, Georgia Ann Arndt, of Alva; one son, Mark Arndt and wife, Angela, of Cherokee; two daughters, Teresa Kraus and husband, Mike, of Cortez, Colorado, and Karen Adams and husband, Gary, of Alva; six brothers, Lowell Arndt and wife, Sharon, of Wilmar, Minnesota, Darrell Arndt of Oklahoma City, Willie Arndt and wife, Mary Alice, of Waynoka, Lyle Arndt and wife, Dorothy, of Alva, Larry Arndt and wife, Sandie, of Crestone, Colorado, and Gary Arndt and wife, Linda, of Penrose, Colorado; and four sisters, Glenda Yarberry and husband, Chuck, of Oklahoma City, Juanita Neuenschwander of Newkirk, Nadine Painton and husband, Dennis, of Chester, and Charleen Herren and husband, Dean, of Dacoma, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are thirteen grandchildren, Michael Arndt of Alva, Paige Ring and husband, Leo, of Edmond, Kaitlyn Huckabee and Austin Huckabee, both of Cherokee, Regan Kraus, Cullen Kraus, Erin Kraus, and Owen Kraus, all of Cortez, Colorado, Alana Adams and Wyatt Adams, both of Alva, Jana Birenbaum and husband, Marc, of Charlotte, North Carolina, John Adams and wife, Janet, of Lamar, Colorado, and Jeff Adams of Denison, Texas; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Nazarene Church Elevator Fund. 
			