Memorial services for Billy Dow Fyffe will be 1:30 p.m. Monday, January 6, 2014, at the Waynoka First United Methodist Church with Rev. Twila Gibbens officiating.  Cremation was under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Billy Dow Fyffe, son of the late Mac Edward and Imogene Velma (Arthur) Fyffe, was born November 22, 1934, at Muskogee, Oklahoma, and passed away December 31, 2013, at Share Convalescent Home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 1 month, and 9 days.    
Bill grew up in Muskogee and attended school there through his junior year.  The family then moved to Vinita where he graduated from high school with the Class of 1953.  He attended the University of Tulsa.  In March 1957, he was united in marriage to Beverly Ketchum.  He owned and operated several businesses, including filter replacements, a car wash, and a donut shop.  He went to work for the Tulsa Fire Department and retired in 1994 as a Driver after 27 years of service.  On August 8, 1992, he was united in marriage to Barbara Eiseman.  They lived in Waynoka the last few years where Barbara is pastor of the First United Methodist Church.    
He was a member of the St. Pauls United Methodist Church in Tulsa.  He was an active outdoorsman and enjoyed snow skiing, sailing, motorcycle riding, and fishing.  Spending time at their lake house, “Eagle’s Nest” was an enjoyable time for him.  He enjoyed beaches and traveling.  Two of his favorite trips were to the Island of Tobago and a cruise to Alaska.  He raised Koi fish and loved to BBQ and grill for his family.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother, Don Fyffe.    
Bill is survived by his wife, Barbara, of Waynoka; four children, Cindy Haley of Abilene, Texas, Sheri Shroka and husband, Ed, of Chandler, Arizona, Rebecca Clifton of Rockwall, Texas, and Chris Fyffe and wife, April, of Tulsa; two step children, Paige Bilyeu and husband, Jeff, of Pearland, Texas, and Jeff Smith and wife, Rachael, of Leander, Texas.    
Also surviving are 10 grandchildren, Brandon Howard of Ft. Worth, Texas, Jessica Hagen and husband, Mitch, of Ft. Worth, Texas, Rachael Shroka of Chandler, Arizona, Reid Shroka of Chandler, Arizona, Johnna Menard and husband, Bryan, of Greenville, Texas, Tiffany Langdon and husband, Robert, of Rowlett, Texas, Andrew Clifton of Broken Arrow, Audry Clifton of Rockwall, Texas, Madeline Fyffe of Tulsa, and Clayton Fyffe, of Tulsa; seven step grandchildren, Ariel Bilyeu, Tabitha Bilyeu, and Madeline Bilyeu, all of Pearland, Texas, Carson Smith and Nicolas Smith, both of Scottsdale, Arizona, and Austen Burkett and Brein Burkett, both of Leander, Texas; four great grandchildren, Tyler Menard, Carter Menard, and Shelly Menard of Greenville, Texas, and Braxton Langdon of Rowlett, Texas; other relatives and many friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice or the Waynoka United Methodist Church Building Fund. 
			