Funeral services for Robert Marion “Bob” Moore will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, April 15, 2013, at the Waynoka First United Methodist Church with Don Hull officiating.  His wishes were to be cremated after the service under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Robert Marion “Bob” Moore, age 71, died April 11, 2013, at his home in Oklahoma City.  The oldest of four children, he was born October 15, 1941, in Waynoka, Oklahoma, to Garold Jay Moore (1914-1966) and Vera L. (Atkinson) Moore (1917-1997).    
Bob attended grades 1 through 12 in Waynoka, graduating in 1959.  He was christened and baptized in the Methodist Church and was a member of MYF.  He played little league baseball and highschool football.  As a teenager, he followed the summer wheat harvest and for several years delivered the Enid Morning News, first on bicycle and then on his beloved Cushman motorscooter.    
Bob had a proud and distinguished military career in the Air Force beginning August 7, 1959 to his honorable discharge June 30, 1981, as Tech Sgt. Military Police.  He began his 22 years of service in Basic Training at Lackland AFB, San Antonio, followed by assignments at Mt. Home AFB, Idaho; Toul AB France; Laon AF, France; Ent AFB Colorado Spring; CO Headquarters ADC; Na Trang AB Viet Nam; RAF Mildenhall, England;McConnell AFB, Wichita, Kansas; Clark AFB, Philippines; Weisbaden AB Germany; and Warren AFB, Cheyenne, Wyoming.    
While stationed in England he married Patricia (Warnes) Tyce in Norwich, England June 30, 1967, and adopted her four children, Michael, Allan, Loraine, and Glenn.  To their marriage they had three daughters, Carol Marie, Brenda Kay, and Stacey Lynn.    
After military retirement in 1981, he moved his family to Oklahoma City where he worked in security at Integris Medical Center and earned a second retirement.  He was a member of the Betheny-Warr Acres American Legion Post 12 and served several terms as the Post Membership Officer.  In the past 25 years he became a meticulous and proficient family genealogist linking more than 15,000 family members through many generations.  From his research material, he and his sister produced three family pictorial family history books.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one son, Michael John Moore and one infant daughter, Carol Marie Moore.    
Bob is survived by his wife, Pat Moore, of Oklahoma City; his children, Allan Moore of England, Loraine Gantt of Cheyenne Wyoming, Glenn Moore of Liberty, Missouri, Brenda Hanstein of Mancos, Colorado, and Stacey Cantrell of Oklahoma City; fourteen grandchildren and fourteen great grandchildren.    
Also surviving are one sister, Betty Carol (Moore) Coffey of Edmond; two brothers, Garold Jay “Gary” Moore, II of Meno, Oklahoma, and Dennis J. Moore of Edmond; other relatives and friends.  Having never forgotten his beloved Waynoka, he maintained many friendships from his youth, and in particular, the Waynoka Class of 1959.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First Methodist Church.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			