
					
				Funeral services for Paul Eugene Gamble will be 1:00 p.m. Wednesday, September 24, 2014, at Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Reverend Matt Smith officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Paul Eugene Gamble, son of the late Walter Earl and Lotta Mae (Gordon) Gamble, was born November 30, 1931, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away September 21, 2014, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years, 9 months, and 21 days.    
After Paul graduated from Waynoka High School, he enlisted in the United States Navy.  On December 25, 1954, he was united in marriage to Ellen Pearl Pratt at Arnett, Oklahoma.  They moved to Waynoka where he owned and operated Gamble’s Plumbing, where he worked in HVAC and as an electrician.  He retired from the Waynoka Volunteer Fire Department after 20 years of service.  In 1996, they moved to Norman where he worked as an electrician for all of the Veteran’s Centers in Oklahoma.  In 2003, they moved to Blackwell.    
He loved hunting, boating and fishing, but his true love was aviation.  While in Waynoka, he was a member of the Waynoka Flying Club, which owned a J3 Cub, then a Taylorcraft, and finally a Cessna.  He also enjoyed flying model airplanes.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by three brothers, Jimmy Cattin, Walter Earl Gamble, Jr., and Bill Gordon; and two sisters, Vera Mae Morris and infant, Adda Mae Gamble.    
Paul is survived by his wife, Ellen, of Blackwell; two sons, Ray Gamble and wife, Carolyn, of Gracemont, Oklahoma, and Steve Gamble and wife, Karen, of Round Mountain, Nevada; two daughters, Janet Valencia and husband, Steve, of Alva, and Nancy Worley and husband, Doug, of Blackwell; one sister, Mary Beth Elliss of Hayesville, Kansas; eight grandchildren, Jacob Gamble and wife Kelly, Timothy Gamble, Matthew Gamble and wife, Beth, Kymberleigh Gamble, Jennifer Valencia, Joshua Worley, Andrew Worley, and Nathaniel Worley; one great grandchild, Madison Gamble.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Fire Department. 
			