Funeral service of Christian Burial for Caroline Clara "Carrie? Stecklein will be 1:00 p.m. Friday, April 6, 2012, at the Sacred Heart Catholic Church with Father James Wickersham officiating.  Interment will be in the Sacred Heart Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Caroline Clara "Carrie? Stecklein, daughter of the late Alexander and Mary (Doerfler) Pfeifer, was born July 31, 1924, at Big Timber Township, Kansas, and passed away April 3, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 87 years, 8 months, and 2 days.  
She attended Liebenthal, Kansas grade school.  She worked in the hospital kitchen in Hays, Kansas, and St. Rose Hospital in Great Bend, Kansas.  
On September 27, 1943, she married Paul Stecklein in Liebenthal, Kansas at the St. Joseph Catholic Church.  To this union three children were born, Kenneth, Donna, and Donald.  They lived in La Cross, Kansas, until 1960 when they moved to Alva.  She worked as a waitress and a cook at Alva Schools.  
She was a member of the Sacred Heart Catholic Church where she belonged to the Alter Society and Monica Circle.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Paul; her son, Kenneth; one granddaughter, Deidra Palmer; one great grandson, Austin Todd; two brothers, Celestine and Jerry Pfeifer; and three sisters, Armella Schmidt, Florance Matal, and Marrie Schwartz.  
Caroline is survived by her daughter, Donna Palmer and husband, Larry, of Alva; her son, Don Stecklein and wife, Jocelyn, of Norman; one brother, Joe Pfeifer and wife, Helen, of Hays, Kansas; and one sister, Nora Schmidt and husband, Harold, of Great Bend, Kansas.  
Also surviving are six grandchildren and sixteen great grandchildren, Kendra Thompson and husband, Eric, and their children, Spencer and Bailey, of Bentonville, Arkansas, Timothy Stecklein and wife Melissa of Fort Smith, Arkansas, Wendy Depriest and husband, Wade and their children, Laurance Christopher, Dillon, Colton, and Jessica, of Mooreland, Angie Longhofer and husband, Layne, and their children, Haley, Deanna, Preston, and Andrew, of Woodward, Donnie Stecklein, Jr. and wife, Leslie, and their children, Cadain, Katlin, and Cason, of Norman, Oklahoma, Carolyn Strickland and husband, Don, and their daughters, Tessa and Lena, of Ukiah, California; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Sacred Heart Alter Society. 
			