Ruth Ann (McCracken) Reeg, the oldest child of Florence (Harris) and Charles McCracken, was born November 6, 1930, southwest of Medicine Lodge, Kansas.  She departed this life October 20, 2007, at St. Mary?s Regional Medical Center in Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 76 years, 11 months, and 14 days. 	 In 1940, at the age of 10, she moved with her family to a farm north of Alva.  She attended school at Rosehill where she excelled at math.  She continued her education at Capron and graduated as valedictorian.  She graduated Northwestern State College in 1952 with a teaching degree.  She went on to teach in the Capron and Alva school systems for over 20 years.  
On June 6, 1954, she was married to Harvey W. Reeg in Alva.  She was a long time member of the First United Methodist Church, as well as Kappa Delta Pi Sorority, the United Methodist Women, Oklahoma Retired Teachers, and Woods County Retired Educators.  
Ruth Ann and Harvey had three children and two grandchildren.  Ruth Ann dedicated her life to her family.  Her family life was a shining example of love and devotion as seen through the eyes of her children and grandchildren.  
She is survived by her husband, of 53 years, Harvey of Enid, Oklahoma; her children, Robert W. Reeg and his wife, Cindy (Gagnon) Reeg, of St. Louis, Missouri, James A. Reeg and his wife, Lauri (Dozier) Reeg, of Birmingham, Alabama, and Wilma Ruth Reeg of Enid, Oklahoma; her grandchildren, Matthew W. Reeg and his partner, Jordan Agee, and Daniel J. and his wife, Megan (Donaldson) Reeg, both of St. Louis; her sister, Jean Sneary and her husband, Lyle, of Alva; two brothers, C. Harris McCracken and his wife, Carol, of Alva, and John McCracken and his wife, Tylene of Leedy, Oklahoma; other relatives and many friends.  
The family would like to thank the staff at St. Mary?s Regional Medical Center and Dr. James Shepherd for the wonderful care and compassion she received.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Diabetes Association or the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. 
			