Graveside memorial service for Elmer Goodman will be 2:00 p.m., Friday, December 12, 2014, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral home.  He was cremated at his request.     
Edward Elmer Goodman was born July 20, 1918, to Edward and Nora (Dunn) Goodman near Selman, Oklahoma, and passed away November 17, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 96 years, 3 months, and 28 days.  	  At a young age they moved to Soccoro, New Mexico, where his dad worked on a ranch.   They moved to Capron, Oklahoma, where Elmer attended school and worked for several area farmers.  He also worked for the Rock Island Railroad and the State Highway Department during WPA.  	    
In July 1940 he married Maxine Cox of Alva, Oklahoma. She preceded him in death in 1996.  In 1943 he entered the United States Navy. He spent 2 years in the South Pacific aboard the destroyer U.S.S. McCalla.  He was a fireman first class and third class water tender.  He was discharged in November 1945.  	    
Elmer worked as a mechanic in Kiowa, Kansas, and later for American Motors in Alva for 26 years. He then worked for Leo Meyers Case dealership for 5 years. He then worked for Ware Motors until he started his own mechanic shop in 1970.  He closed the shop in 1997 and began a garden where he raised and sold a variety of produce.  	    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Maxine; an infant son, Edward; his sister, Leila Whitton; and a brother, Walt Goodman.  	    
Elmer is survived by his son Don Goodman and wife, Susan, of Liberal, Kansas; his daughter, Joyce Sellers of Dickson, Tennessee; 3 grandchildren, Ray Trekell of Tennessee, Joe Don Goodman of Woodward, and Crystal Goodman of Woodward; and 2 step grandchildren, Steve Williams and wife, Kay, of Salina, Kansas, and Trish Dodds and husband, Josh, of Bardwell, Texas.  	    
Also surviving are 7 great grandchildren, 1 great great grandchild, 4 step great grandchildren, 1 step great great grandson; and many other relatives and friends.   	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Parkinson’s research. 
			