Funeral services for Stena LaVerne Wise will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, November 2, 2012, at the Freedom First United Methodist Church with Pastor Scott Ware officiating.  Interment will be in the Freedom Cemetery under the direction of the Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Stena LaVerne Wise, daughter of the late Clay Owen and Gracie (Rippa) Duncan, was born July 25, l935, in Lynn, Arkansas, and passed away October 31, 2012 at her home north of Freedom at the age of 77 years.  
LaVerne attended several schools before completing her  education in Pecos, Texas.  She was united in marriage to Paul G. Pearrow  in 1953 and they had three children: Larry, Gary, and Paula.  After Paul?s  accidental  death in 1958, she married E. F. Wise in Pecos, Texas, on May 15, 1959.  They moved to the Freedom area where they farmed, ranched and they raised their family.   
LaVerne was a people person and enjoyed being a part of her community.  She drove a school bus for the Freedom Schools for 16 years. She was active in Eastern Star and participated in all aspects of the organization.  LaVerne was a member of the Freedom United Methodist Church and she enjoyed helping with funeral dinners and the annual Groundhog Supper.  She was a church camp counselor and helped with Vacation Bible School for many summers.  She served as a District President of UMW and was involved with the Wesley House in Alva.    
LaVerne had a passion for photography and always carried a camera to be ready for every photo opportunity.  She loved taking pictures of their ranch and cattle drives and the landscapes of the area in every season.  She had the honor of having some of her photos published in state magazines and area calendars and brochures.  
LaVerne?s greatest passion was her family.  She was proud of her children and their  accomplishments.  She dearly loved her grandchildren and was in awe of her great grandchildren.    
Besides her parents and first husband, LaVerne was preceded in death by one sister, Gurtha Campbell.  
LaVerne is survived by her husband, E.F. of Freedom; two sons, Larry Wise and wife, Tamela, of Tecumseh; Gary Wise and wife, Connie, of Woodward; two daughters, Paula McMurphy and husband, Randy, of Alva; and Darla Wise of Durango, Colorado, as well as her brother, Vincent Duncan and wife, Margaret, of  Lubbock, Texas, and brother-in-law, Conley Campbell, of Dalhart, Texas.  
Also surviving are six grandchildren: Tory Hamlin and husband, Jeffrey, of Jacksonville, Florida; Cody McMurphy and wife, Megan, of Alva; Casey McMurphy and wife, Tracy, of Edmond; Jacey Welch and husband, Josh, of Perkins; Jared Wise of Edmond; and Joshua Wise and wife, Katie, of Tecumseh  along  with twelve great grandchildren: Brianna Dillon, Jaiden Dillon, Kailah Fessler, and Gavin Hamlin; Avery and Reece McMurphy; Layton and Grayson McMurphy; Howdy, Jay Paul, and Jagger Welch; Brooklyn and Reiley Wise, in addition to John Lastly, an honorary grandson, and  other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom First United Methodist Church or the Wesley House Foundation. 
			