Funeral services for Verna M. Maltby Price will be 1:00 p.m. Wednesday, August 1, 2007, at the Wentworth Chapel with Rev. James Endecott officiating.  Interment will be 4:00 p.m. Wednesday, August 1, 2007, in the Billings Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary LLC in Carmen.  
Verna M. Gumm, daughter of the late Archibald Bidwell and Margarete Ann (Schweisenberger) Gumm, was born December 4, 1915, at Covington, Oklahoma, and passed away July 28, 2007, at El Reno, Oklahoma, at the age of 91 years, 7 months, and 24 days.  
Verna grew up in the Covington and Mulhall area and graduated from Marland High School with the Class of 1933.  On August 4, 1934, she was united in marriage to Lawrence William Maltby at Cherokee, Oklahoma.  They lived and farmed in the Blackwell area until his death in 1947.  She married Paul Price in 1949 in Perry, Oklahoma.  They made their home in the Kaw City area until 1963.  She worked as a beautician and waitress before settling in Carmen where she worked at the Dairy Boy and Mini-Mart and she did local babysitting.  
She was a member of the Jehovah?s Witness.  She was active in the local library and frequently read at story time.  She enjoyed crocheting, crossword puzzles, pictures puzzles, and playing all types of games, particularly Rook and Scrabble.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one infant daughter, Shirley Ann Maltby; one twin brother, Vernon Gumm; and one sister, Mildred Blair.  
Verna is survived by one son, George William "Bill? Maltby and his wife, Elsie, of Carmen; and one daughter, Nancy Sue Endecott and her husband, Boyd, of El Reno, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are ten grandchildren, Rosann McCray of Carmen, Chris Maltby and his wife, Mary, of Pratt, Kansas, Kathy Montgomery and her husband, Mark, of Bridgeville, Pennsylvania, Janet Stinnett of Carmen, Junior Maltby and his wife, Tiesa, of Medford, Tonya Cox of Alva, Kayla Puffinbarger and her husband, Cody, of Cherokee, James Endecott and his wife, Debra, of El Reno, Karen Dietler and her husband, Sean, of Stuart, Florida, and John Endecott and his wife, Nelda, of Montgomery, New York; 18 great grandchildren; 8 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Carmen Library. 
			