
					
				Funeral services for Warren Elmer “Bud” Nichols will be held at 2:00 p.m., Monday, December 17, 2012, at the First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale, officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Nichols, the son of Raymond A. and Ruth (Leonard) Nichols, was born in Anadarko,  Oklahoma, on December 11, 1925, and died in Alva, Oklahoma, on December 13, 2012, at the age of 87 years and 2 days.    
Bud graduated from high school in Watonga, Oklahoma, where he was an avid athlete, excelling in the sports of football, basketball and baseball.  He received his Bachelor’s Degree in math, science and coaching from the University of Central Oklahoma in Edmond; his Master’s Degree from Oklahoma State University at Stillwater and his Doctorate from North Texas State University in Denton, Texas.  He retired from teaching in 1986.    
He did a tour of duty in the United States Air Force during World War II.    
He was married on August 18, 1946, in Edmond, Oklahoma, to Maxine Hughes, who was also in the education profession.  They recently celebrated their 66th wedding anniversary.    
Nichols’ passion was in the area of teaching math and also coaching; first at Perry, Oklahoma, then in Alva, where he also served for a time as assistant superintendent and, later, he was an instructor at Northwestern Oklahoma State University, also in Alva.    
Bud loved all athletic events, excellence in educational endeavors, tutoring in his area of expertise and the hobbies of golf, bridge, and travel.    
Nichols was a member of the Alva Methodist Church, Woods County Retired Teacher’s and an alumnus of UCO athletics.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his sister, Donna Beverly.    
He is survived by his wife, Maxine, of the home; his sister, Connie Myers and her husband Harold, of Edmond; sister-in-law, Ruth Legako; nieces and nephews, Margo and Jim Raybourn, Mark and Christa Myers, Tim and Diane Myers, Scott Myers, Jim and Debbie Legako and Richard Legako.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First United Methodist Church Music Department of Alva. 
			