Funeral services for Laura Jane Jones will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, November 4, 2009, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook and Rev. Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Laura Jane Jones, daughter of the late Elbert and Bettie (Taul) Morris, was born August 10, 1930, on a farm near Avard, Oklahoma, and passed away November 1, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 2 months, and 22 days. 	 At a very early age, Laura gave her life to the Lord at a revival at the Waynoka Church of God.  At the age of 18, she rededicated her life and was baptized at the Waynoka First Baptist Church. 	 Laura graduated from Waynoka High School in 1948.  On August 16, 1948, she was united in marriage to Donald Achemire.  To this union one son, Roy Don, was born.  Donald passed away in 1952 of polio. Then, on November 8, 1952, she was united in marriage to Harold Jones at Clayton, New Mexico.  To this union one daughter, Brenda Sue, was born. 	 Laura was an active member of the First Baptist Church and the Gleaner Sunday School Class.  She and Harold loved spending time together fishing, traveling and looking for antiques.  She enjoyed spending time with her family and especially going to her grandchildren and great grandchildren?s ball games and school functions.  She was a member of the Jolly Housewives Home Extension Club and she loved working with her hands crocheting, quilting and sewing.  She was an excellent artist and enjoyed painting on everything from mailboxes to milk cans. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her first husband, Donald Achemire, her brother, Aaron Morris, her sister, LaBerta Green, her sister-in-law, Nell Devereaux, three brothers-in-law, J. D. Jones, Leroy Davidson, and Raymond Phillips.  	 Laura is survived by her husband, Harold, of Alva; one daughter, Brenda Nusser and husband, Dale, of Alva; one son, Roy Don Achemire and wife, Judy, of Okmulgee; three sisters, Geneva Smith and husband, Floyd, of Waynoka, Verna Davidson and special friend, Thane Sargent of Waynoka, and LaEtta Phillips of Waynoka;  	 Also surviving are four grandchildren, Shannon Nusser and wife, Heather, of Alva, Shelley Reidy and husband, Marcus, of Oklahoma City, Matthew Achemire and wife, Maggie, of Noble, and John Achemire of Norman; five great grandchildren, Dakota and Payden Nusser of Alva, Erin Reidy of Oklahoma City, Calysta Warner and Alex Achemire of Noble; two sisters-in-law, Liz Jones of Cherokee and Vera Mae Morris of Waynoka; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Bailey Rhodes Love Fund to help with medical expenses. 
			