Funeral services for Jim Hannaford will be 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, July 24, 2012, at the Marshall Funeral Home chapel with Rev. Aaron Wagner, pastor of the Zion Lutheran Church officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Jim, Hannaford, 68, a loving husband, father, papa, brother, and friend passed away Friday, July 20, 2012.  He was born December 8, 1943, in Cherokee, Oklahoma to Wayne and Tillie Hannaford.  
Jim moved to Alva as a child, graduated from Alva High School, and attended Northwestern State College.  Jim was united in marriage to the woman he adored, Diane Felton, in April, 1965.  They had two children, Kristye and Bo.  
Jim was a local businessman in Alva.  Jim was very active in the Alva Jaycees and won numerous awards at the state and national levels.  
Jim will be remembered as a wonderful photographer and life long Elvis fan.  He wrote several books on Elvis and some of his Elvis photos were published in Life magazine.   He was also known as one of the largest dealers of Elvis memorabilia in the nation.   Jim?s favorite memories were spending time with his family and his annual trip with friends to his summer Elvis shows in Memphis.  
Besides his parents, Jim was preceded in death by his loving wife, Diane; his brother, Roger; and his sister-in-law, Donna Lamke.  
Jim and survived by his daughter Kristye Taylor and husband, Tim, of Flower Mound, Texas; his son, Bo Hannaford and wife, Tara, of Alva; his grandchildren, Hawkens Taylor of Flower Mound, Texas, Carson Hannaford of Dewey, Oklahoma, and Tucker Hannaford of Alva; his brother, Steve Hannaford and wife, Brenda, of Alva; his brother-in-law and sister-in-law Mike and Rita Sheffield of Amarillo, Texas, a sister-in-law Clare Sheffield of Copperas Cove, Texas; a sister-in-law, Jane Gaskill of Alva; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the John Sheffield Scholarship at the NWOSU Foundation. 
			