Funeral services for William Rufus "Bill? Gordon, Jr. will be 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, September 28, 2011, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook and Rev. Larry Downum officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
William Rufus "Bill? Gordon, Jr., son of the late William Rufus and Vera (Benson) Gordon, was born September 7, 1927, and passed away September 24, 2011, at the age of 84 years and 17 days.  
After Bill graduated from Alva High School he enlisted in the United States Navy.  After his service, he returned to Alva where he attended Northwestern State College.  On July 9, 1948, he was united in marriage to Barbara Dee Goucher.  He worked in the dry cleaning business for 20 years and the post office for 25 years.  He also farmed during his life.  
He was a long time member of the Alva First Baptist Church and joined in the fellowship of Oolagah First Baptist Church when they moved to Oolagah about four years ago.  In the 1950&amp;s, Bill and Barbara formed a Rook Club with several other couples.  They played Rook monthly for over 40 years in the same group.  Many happy memories were made over the years by camping and fishing with family and friends.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his son, Roger Gordon, his sister, Vera Mae Morris; three brothers, Don Gordon, James Cattin, and Walter E. Gamble.  
Bill is survived by his wife, Barbara, of the home; two daughters, Judy Gilliam and husband, Bruce, of Tulsa, and Janet Helvick and husband, Bruce, of Talala; seven grandchildren, Jeremy Gilliam and wife, Sarah, Steven Gilliam, Bob Parker and wife, Stefanie, Emily Downum and husband, Charles, Laura Kvam and husband, Jeff, Cindy Helvick, and Thomas Helvick; five great grandchildren, Kylee Parker, Kael Kvam, and C.J., Carson, and Madelyn Downum; one brother, Paul Gamble and wife, Ellen, of Blackwell; and one sister, Mary Beth Gamble of Haysville, Kansas; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Baptist Church. 
			