Lois Edna Curtis, daughter of the late Francis I. and Mary (Olson) Hinderliter, was born March 15, 1917, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away June 18, 2008, at Grace Living Center in Stillwater, Oklahoma, at the age of 91 years, 3 months, and 3 days.  
Lois attended school in Waynoka and graduated from the 8th grade at Cottonwood School.  On March 15, 1938, she was united in marriage to Homer Henry Curtis.  They made their home in Waynoka where she was a homemaker.  In 1958, they moved to Cherokee, Oklahoma, and in 1959 to Alva where she managed the snack bar of Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  In October 1996, they moved to Stillwater to be near their daughter, Laureene.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Homer Curtis; one daughter, Dana Kay Curtis; and four brothers, Lester Hinderliter, Virgil Hinderliter, Merlin Hinderliter, and Verle Hinderliter.  
Lois is survived by one son, Dennis Curtis and wife, Sandy, of Owasso, Oklahoma; two daughters, LaVon Hoefer and husband, Roger, of Daytona Beach, Florida, and Laureene Gantz and husband, Roger, of Stillwater, Oklahoma; two brothers, Leonard Hinderliter and wife, Anna Lee, of Woodward, Oklahoma, and Lloyd Hinderliter and wife, Maxine, of Clovis, New Mexico; two sisters-in-law, Eunice Hinderliter of Waynoka, and Jackie Hinderliter of Clovis, New Mexico.  
Also surviving are eight grandchildren, Ron Hoefer and wife, Erin, of Virginia Beach, Virginia, Reesa Lacher and husband, Henry, of Springhill, Tennessee, Randall Gantz of Oklahoma City, Ryan Gantz and wife, Dinah, of Norman; Rachelle Martin and husband, David, of Stillwater, Corey Curtis and wife, Tricia, of Owasso, Cole Curtis and wife, Lacy of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, Justin Curtis of Owasso, Oklahoma; twelve great grandchildren, Shaughnessey and Ania Hoefer of Virginia Beach, Virginia, Hank, Luc, and Jake Lacher of Springhill, Tennessee, Reagan and Harrison Gantz of Oklahoma City, Hannah and Hayden Gantz of Norman, Keely Martin of Stillwater, Haleigh Curtis of Owasso, and Hayden Curtis of Broken Arrow; two step granddaughters, Devin and Emily Moore of Owasso; two step great grandchildren, Luka and Owen Joyner of Norman, Oklahoma; many other relatives and friends.  
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Church of God Building Fund. 
			