Funeral services for Diane Hannaford will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, January 5, 2008, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. Mark Bersche, pastor of the Zion Lutheran Church officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  The casket will remain closed.  
Diane Hannaford, 61, a loving wife, mother, Nana, sister, and friend passed away January 2, 2008 at her home in Alva surrounded by family and close friends.  She fought cancer courageously for over two years and was an inspiration to all who knew her.  
She was born June 26, 1946 in Helena, Arkansas and moved to Alva as a child.  She graduated from Alva High School and attended Northwestern State College.  She married the love of her life, Jim Hannaford in 1965 and had two children she adored, Kristy and Bo.  
She worked as a legal secretary for over 25 years and it was important part of her life that she truly missed when she was unable to work.  She was a past president of the Alva Jaycee Jaynes and won all local awards plus many state and national ones.  
Her greatest joy in life was her family and she treasured the time she spent with her grandson, Hawkens and her granddaughter, Carson.  A dear friend said everyone that met Diane came away a better person.  Her strength and spirit inspired many and she is loved and missed by all that knew her.  
She was preceded in death by her mother, Sophie Marie Sheffield, her stepfather, Dr. John C. Sheffield, Jr. and her father, George Felton, Jr.  
Diane is survived by her husband, Jim; her daughter and son-in-law, Kristy and Tim Taylor; her son and daughter-in-law, Bo and Tara Hannaford; her grandchildren, Hawkens Taylor and Carson Hannaford; her twin sister, Donna Lamke and companion Richard Mayo; her sister, Clare Sheffield; her brother and sister-in-law, Mike and Rita Sheffield; her stepmother, Florence Ann Felton; her brothers, Frank Felton, Terry Felton, and Kurt Felton; her sister, Gina Dennis; her brother-in-law and sister-in-law, Steve and Brenda Hannaford; her sister-in-law Jane Gaskill; many dear nieces and nephews and numerous close friends.   
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Diane Hannaford Love Fund which will be used to help with medical expenses for her twin sister, Donna, who is also fighting terminal cancer. 
			