A celebration of life service for Doctor Norman DeVere “Bud” “Doc” Matthews will be 2:00 Friday, May 31, 2013 at the clubhouse of the Alva Golf and Country Club.  Gary Wolgamott will be remembering Bud as he was a good student and friend that was held in high esteem by Bud.  Anyone that would like to share memories of Bud is welcomed to do so.    
Dr. Norman DeVere “Bud” “Doc” Matthews passed away May 25, 2013 at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva.  Bud was born in Shawmut, Pennsylvania, on March 20, 1925, to Bernard and Minnie Matthews.    
Bud graduated from Warren High School in 1943 where he was a three year letterman in gymnastics, basketball, and baseball.  After graduation he entered Syracuse University, but left after one year to join the Army Air Corps and served as a bombardier.    
When the war ended in 1945 he returned to Syracuse University to complete his Bachelors Degree in Education.  He was captain of the first gymnastics team and led the team to the national competition and was also a three year letterman in gymnastics.    
In 1950 he began his teaching and coaching career at Texas A&amp;M University in College Station, Texas, where he also received his Masters Degree in Education and Physical Education.  Bud remained at Texas A&amp;M for eight years.      
While at Texas A&amp;M he met his wife, Floy Elizabeth “Sis” Pippin, whom he married in 1954, and in 1956 they were blessed with a daughter, Trayce.    
In 1958 Bud accepted a position at Northwestern Oklahoma State University where he taught education and coached gymnastics.  “Doc” was also known as the voice of Ranger football and basketball games for 24 years.  Wanting to continue his education, Bud took a two year sabbatical from NWOSU to attend Oklahoma State University to complete his doctorate.    
He received many teaching awards and was inducted into the 2000 Sports Hall of Fame at NWOSU.  Bud was appreciated and loved by his students for his dry sense of humor and the respect they received from him.  Many students continued to visit him long after his retirement.  Bud loved the small town of Alva and teaching at a small university where he knew the students and they were not just a number.    
Doc retired in 1987 from NWOSU, leaving him more time to be with his family and playing golf with his good friend, Troy O’Hair, whose job it was to find Bud’s golf ball.    
The family has requested that in lieu of flowers a memorial be given in Bud’s honor through the funeral home to the NWOSU Foundation.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			