Funeral services for Geraldine Frances Payton will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, February 3, 2011, at Marshall Funeral Chapel, with Dr. Greg Hook and Rev. Judye Pistole officiating. Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Geraldine Frances Payton, the daughter of the late Sid and Lucy Lemons Lethgo, was born January 28, 1925, at Altus, Oklahoma, and passed away January 30, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years and 2 days.  
At the age of 14 Geraldine placed her faith in Christ and was baptized at the Tabernacle Baptist Church in Altus. In 1944, she graduated from Martha High School, and on April 30, 1949, she was united in marriage to Mack Vernon Payton of Altus.  
After graduation from high school, Geraldine began her career as a telephone operator with Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in Altus, where she worked for several years before leaving Oklahoma for Texas. In 1960, Mack and Geraldine moved from Oklahoma to Petersburg, Texas, where Mack pursued a career in teaching, and Geraldine was caring for her infant daughter, Cindy, and expecting their second daughter, Janice. In 1966 the family moved to Lubbock, and lived in their home for 41 years. During that time, Geraldine was a loving mother and wife, a devoted homemaker, and a talented seamstress. After raising her daughters, Geraldine continued her career as a receptionist and telephone operator for many years at South Park Hospital in Lubbock.  
After being diagnosed with cancer in late 2009, Geraldine faced her diagnosis with great strength and brave determination Geraldine loved life and did not give up easily, but still continued to place the needs of others before herself. She will be greatly missed.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one brother, Marvin Lethgo.  
Geraldine is survived by her husband, Mack Payton of Alva; two daughters, Cynthia Renee "Cindy" Self and husband, Phil, of Alva, and Janice Lynn Hicks of Lubbock, Texas; two granddaughters, Jennifer Nicole Fuqua and husband, John of Waynoka , and Sydney Lenae Hicks of Lubbock, Texas; one great grandson, John Colton Fuqua of Waynoka ; three sisters, Ola Loraine Edwards of Duncan, Anita Lois Haynes of Midwest City, and Eva Sue Dale and husband Jack of Lubbock, Texas; other relatives and friends.  
Memorials may be made to The First Baptist Church of Alva or The First Presbyterian Church Care and Concern Fund of Alva. 
			