Funeral service for Carol Ann Plummer will be 3:00 p.m. Saturday, January 4, 2014, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.   Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family from 6:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Friday at Marshall Funeral Home.    
Carol Ann Plummer, 80, died January 1, 2014 in Altus, Oklahoma. She was born on November 6, 1933 in Liberal, Kansas, the daughter of Harry and Emma (Smith) Fuller.     
Carol attended school in Liberal, graduating from Liberal High School in 1951.  She attended the University of Kansas from 1951-1952 and worked for Beech Aircraft for several years.  On February 26, 1954 she married John Allen Plummer in Liberal.  After her marriage she worked as a dental assistant for Dr. Stan Randall.  In 1966, they moved to Shattuck, Oklahoma and then to Seiling, Oklahoma in 1968.  Carol and John settled Alva in 1971 where they presently reside.    
Carol was an avid reader and enjoyed crossword puzzles, gardening, shopping at garage sales, and playing bridge.  She was an active member of the First United Methodist Church in Alva where she was a member of the chancel choir and the bell choir.   She was a talented pianist and shared her love for music through her involvement in the church, Share Convalescent Home and Beadles Nursing Home.    
She is a member of PEO, United Methodist Women, Priscilla Circle, Alva Research Club and bridge club.  She volunteered in many ways, delivering Meals on Wheels and mentoring at Longfellow Elementary School.  Carol is preceded in death by her parents, three sisters, Kay Kelman, Sylvia Helfrecht and Joyce Dishon; one brother, Wendell Fuller; two nieces; and one nephew.    
Carol is survived by her husband, John Plummer; a daughter, Kim Leverett and husband Joe of Altus, Oklahoma; a son, Mitch Plummer and wife Enola Gaye of Las Vegas, Nevada; two grandchildren, Sarah Charbonnet and husband Cameron of Dallas, Texas; Austin Leverett and fiancé Jenny Braziel of Altus, Oklahoma; numerous cousins, nieces and nephews.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to  to the Alva First United Methodist Church Choir. 
			