Memorial services for Marilyn Kaye Tatro, 69, will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, February 28, 2013, at the First Presbyterian Church with Reverend Max Ridgway officiating. Cremation is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Marilyn Kaye Tatro, daughter of Phyllis Arlene (Rubendall) and the late Wilbur Rex Lytle, and the late Gilbert Fisher,  was born March 2, 1943, at Garden City, Kansas, and passed away peacefully at her home surrounded by her family on February 21, 2013, at the age of 69 years, 11 months, and 19 days.    
Kaye graduated from Alva High School and Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  She also received her Masters degree from Oklahoma State University and her Doctorate from Arizona State. She was a Doctor of Political Science at Northwestern Oklahoma State University from 1984 until her retirement in 2006.  She was united in marriage to Edward McAlpin in 1967 at Buffalo.  After his death she married Bethel Lee Tatro in Alva.    
She was a member of the Moose Lodge and was adopted by the Tabaaha Clan of the Navajo Indian Tribe.    
Kaye was preceded in death by her father and both husbands.    
	She is survived by two sons, Jeffrey McAlpin and his wife, Diane, of Alva, and Matthew McAlpin of Phoenix, Arizona; one daughter, Amy Allen and Tim Earle, of Alva; her mother, Phyllis Fisher of Alva; two brothers, Dean Fisher and his wife, Louise, of Woodward, and Harry Fisher of Alva; one sister, Jane Gaskill of Alva; nine grandchildren, Jonathan McAlpin of Alva, Edward McAlpin of Alva, Quentin Ryel of Mesquite, Texas, Kayleigh McAlpin of Alva, Andrew and Nathathia Earle of Maine, Rebecca Earle, McKenzie Earle, and Timothy Earle, all of Alva, and Dalton Allen of Alva; two great grandchildren, Bentley Cox of Alva, and Zachary Earle of Maine; other relatives and friends.  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Northwestern Oklahoma State University Foundation for scholarships.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			