Funeral services for Ruby Juanita Henderson will be 2:30 p.m. Thursday, March 15, 2007, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook and Rev. Wade Burleson officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Ruby Juanita Henderson, daughter of the late John William and Blanche Erma (Phillips) Percival, was born November 7, 1925, near Hopeton in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away March 11, 2007, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 4 months, and 4 days.  
When she was born her family lived eight miles south of Hopeton and later moved to Hopeton.  She attended school at Alva where she met the love of her life, Neal Henderson, whom she married on January 21, 1944.  They made their home in Alva where they owned and operated United Brake and Electric and Honda of Alva.  
When Ruby was 11, she was invited to the Pilgrim Holiness Church in Hopeton where she accepted Christ as her Savior.  Ruby was very active in the First Baptist Church in Alva.    
She loved to fish and go boating, ride motorcycles and travel with family and friends.  She was a natural artist who loved to paint.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in seath by seven brothers, Glen, Leo, Linny, Dale, Eldon, Ronald, and Harold.  
Ruby is survived by her husband, Neal, of Alva; two daughters, Rita Cook and her husband, Chuck, of Enid, and Connie Woodson and her husband, Paul, of Oklahoma City; one son, Jim Henderson and his wife, Sue, of Alva; nine grandchildren, Kathy Boehs and her husband, Roy, of Fairview, Sheri Nelson and her husband, Doug, of Enid, Troy Young and his wife, Charlene, of Enid, Tamara Leon and her husband, Tony, of Enid, Shana Covalt and her husband, Geoff, of Oklahoma City, Ashley Danner and her husband, Jeff, of Oklahoma City, Angela Davis and her husband, Nathan, of Oklahoma City, Jeffrey Henderson and his wife, Taylor, of San Antonio, Texas, and JoLisa Knauss and her husband, Roger, of Carnegie, Oklahoma; 15 great grandchildren; 2 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Baptist Church or the charity of your choice. 
			