Memorial services for Veneta Irene Sims will be 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, June 11, 2008, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. John Brint officiating. She was cremated at her request under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC. in Carmen.  
Veneta Irene Sims, daughter of the late Walter Vinetine and Martha Eans (Walker) Fiscus, was born April 11, 1931, northwest of Waynoka in Woods County, Oklahoma, and went to be with her Lord with her family at her side on June 7, 2008, at her home in Carmen, Oklahoma, at the age of 77 years, 1 month and 26 days.  
Veneta attended West Point, Whitehorse and Waynoka schools. In 1949 she was united in marriage to Don Olson. To this union four children were born. She graduated from Beauty School in Enid and worked as a beautician for many years.  
On February 19, 1966, Veneta was united in marriage to Max Duane Sims at Pampa, Texas. They lived in Dacoma, Greenfield, Avard, and Waynoka before moving to Carmen in 1983.  
She was a member of the Morning Star Baptist Church and attended the Carmen First United Methodist Church. She enjoyed painting, flowers, and all types of nature. Her family was very important to her, and she especially enjoyed her grandkids.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by two brothers, Johnny Fiscus and Stanley Fiscus; and two sisters, Violet Russell and Josephine (Jody) Petre.  
Veneta is survived by her husband, Max, of Carmen, one daughter and her husband, Debbie and Mike Bradford of Cherokee; three sons and their wives, Wade and Merlene Olson of Aline; Gary and Kim Olson of Carmen, and Jace and Donna Olson of Carmen; one sister, Verna Woolley of Waynoka, and one brother and his wife, Harold and Louise Fiscus of Alva.  
Also surviving are eleven precious grandchildren that she loved very much, Major Wesley Olson and children, Wyatt and Anna of Enid; Shannon and Royce McDowell and children, Garrett and Jessi of North Enid; Sgt. Derek Olson, serving in Iraq, and wife Lindsey and daughter Lilly of Yukon; Landon Olson of Kiowa, Kansas; Dane Olson of Oklahoma City; Ian Olson of Carmen; Meagan and Dustin Blalock and daughter Arielle of Waynoka; Sps Bradley Olson serving in Afghanistan with the Bulldog Troop Task Force Saber; Seth and Giyong Olson, and daughter Alexis of Carmen; Ethan Olson of Carmen; and Lindsay Olson of Carmen; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Cancer Research. 
			