Funeral services for Evelyn Louise Durkee will be 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, August 1, 2012, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. Jerry Holt officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Evelyn Louise Durkee, daughter of the late Alfred Henry and Leona Pearl (Hall) Paris, was born January 7, 1934, in Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away July 29, 2012, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 78 years, 6 months, and 22 days. She is now with her husband in the arms of their Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.  
Louise graduated from Waynoka High School in 1951. On August 10, 1952 she was united in marriage to Arthur Albert Durkee at Waynoka, Oklahoma. She attended nursing school in Ponca City where she obtained her CNA. She then received her LPN in 1974 at Baptist Medical Center in Little Rock, Arkansas, her Bachelor of Nursing in 1980 at the University of Central Arkansas in Conway, Arkansas, and her Nursing Home Administrator License from the University of Oklahoma in 1985.  
Since her husband was a minister, the family moved several times, living in Oklahoma, California, Arkansas, and Colorado. She was a devoted pastor?s wife, dedicated Sunday School teacher and active in the Woman?s Missionary Union. She worked primarily in nursing homes as a Nurse, as Director of Nursing, and as the Administrator. In 1992 they moved to Enid where Louise worked as Director of Nursing at Meadowlake, as well as in home health care, and helped her husband with Cherokee Strip Antiques. After Arthur?s death she continued to run the antique store and enjoy her garden, her cats, and her grandchildren for as long as she was able.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Arthur, in 2002.  
Louise is survived by two sons, Gregg Durkee and wife, Melinda, of Enid, and Scott Durkee and wife, Charlotte, of Wichita; two daughters, Deborah Steenland and husband, James, of Brownsville, Texas, and Peggy Tidwell and husband, Rodney, of Austin, Texas; and one sister, Cleta Belle Zook and husband, Jakie, of Waynoka.  
Also surviving are 15 grandchildren, Becky Jones and husband, Chad, of Louisville, Kentucky; John Steenland and wife, Jennifer, of Brownsville, Texas; Sarah Doenges and husband, Jordan, of Louisville, Kentucky; Christy Steenland, Michael Steenland, and Torie Steenland of Brownsville, Texas; Austin Hazen and husband, Josh, of Enid; Bryan Durkee and Mitchell Durkee, both of Enid; Chad Tidwell of Dallas, Texas; Zack Tidwell, of Austin, Texas; and Joshua Durkee, Caleb Durkee, Hannah Durkee, and Levi Durkee, all of Wichita, Kansas; four great grandchildren, Shyenne and Kendra Hazen, Paisley and Javin Jones; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the Liberty Southern Baptist Church in Enid to the Lottie Moon Christmas Offering. 
			