Funeral services for Jean Erlaine Jack, will be 2:00 p.m., Tuesday, December 21, 2010, at the Carmen Christian Church with Rev. Kirk Board, officiating.  Interment will be in the Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC of Carmen.	      
Jean Erlaine Jack, daughter of the late Grace Mae (Bruner) and Earl Edwin Booze, was born July 22, 1931, on the family farm near Aline and passed away December 16, 2010, at Round Rock, Texas, at the age of 79 years, 4 months, and 24 days.  
Jean attended school through the 8th grade at Rich Valley before graduating from Carmen High School.  On May 31, 1949 she was united in marriage to Jackie Jack at Cherokee, Oklahoma.  To this union two children were born, Rickey Wayne and Sheila Kaye. They made their home in the Carmen area.  
She was a member of the Carmen Christian Church. Jean enjoyed sewing in her younger years, was an avid reader and a Jeopardy junkie. She was a homemaker and assisted with the family wheat harvesting business. Later she worked at the Carmen Home and retired from Crabtree Correctional Center as the canteen manager. Jean lived all her life in the Carmen area before moving to Round Rock, Texas in October to be close to her daughter?s family.  
Besides her parents, her stepfather, Lee Melrose, and her husband, Jean was preceded in death by three brothers, Oval Booze, Raymond Booze, and Elden Melrose; and two sisters, Joyce Krepel and Nadine Harvey.  
Jean is survived by her children, Rick Jack and wife, Janice, of Canandaigua, New York, and Sheila Beakley and husband, Richard, of Round Rock, Texas; four brothers, Gary Booze and wife, Doris, of Aline, Harold Melrose and wife, Winnie, of Enid, Marvin Melrose and wife, Maxine, of Wichita, Kansas, and LaVern Melrose of Norwich, Kansas; four sisters, Iva Woods of Dallas, Texas, Wanda Lee Nickel of Wagner, Virginia Ryel of Enid, and Vera Hughes and husband, Jim, of Ponder, Texas;a sister-in-law who was like a sister, Loreta Green and husband Vencil (Corky) of Carmen.  
Also surviving are four grandchildren, Robert Jack of Durham, North Carolina, Brandee Jack of Greece, New York, John "J.R.? Jack of Durham, North Carolina, and Savannah Beakley of Round Rock, Texas; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to The Carmen Library or First Responders. 
			