Funeral services for Marna Lou (Rose) Finney will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, February 23, 2008, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with the Reverend William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Marna Lou  Finney, daughter of the late Martin Luther and Ruby Elma (Wells) Rose Wimmer was born April 4, 1942, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away February, 20, 2008 at Share Medical Center at the age of 65 years, 10 months, and 16 days.  
Marna married Leslie Phillips and graduated from Alva High School and they had one daughter.  She later married Sonny Gardner and they had four children.  She was married to Jim Greenwood  and worked as a bookkeeper for companies in Kiowa, then in Winfield, Kansas for 20 years.  She married John Finney and later operated Toto&amp;s Supper Club for 17 years before retiring in 2006 due to her illness.  She moved back to Kiowa last year to be near her family.  
She was baptized into the Christian Church.  She enjoyed playing cards, traveling, needlework, but she especially loved cooking, fishing and sailing.  She always liked to have people around to visit with.  
Marna is survived by three sons, Randall Allen Gardner of Mississippi, Gregory Scott Gardner of Hutchinson, Kansas, and Mark Alan Gardner and his wife, Lisa, of Mississippi; two daughters, Leslyn Joy Chitwood and her husband, Greg, of Enid, and Debra Ann Sober of Kiowa; one brother, Monty Wimmer of Alva; two sisters, Elma McMurphy and her husband, Bill, of Alva, and Afton Nichols of Alva.  
Also surviving are 10 grandchildren, Kandise Sissney and her husband, Jim, of Watonga, Kevin Kramp and his wife, Crystal, of Winfield, Jason Sober of Ponca City, Heather VanGraan and her husband, Chris, of Ashland, Kansas, Michaela Sober of Ft. Bragg, North Carolina, Trevor Spomer of Enid, Joseph Jonathan, Amber, and Austin Gardner, all of Mississippi, and Kasey and Dylan Gardner, both of South Dakota; 7 great grandchildren, Kamryn and Karstyn Sissney, Johnathan, Cheyenne, and Jacob Kramp, and Kendyn and Ettien VanGraan; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for cancer research. 
			