Funeral services for Wesley Mac Nickelson will be 11:00 a.m. Thursday, December 8, 2011, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Wesley Mac Nickelson, son of the late Wesley Abednego and Ruby (Gould) Nickelson, was born June 24, 1923, on the family farm in Major County, Oklahoma, and passed away  December 5, 2011, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 88 years, 5 months, and 11 days.  
Mac attended school at Bethel through the 8th grade and graduated from Cheyenne Valley High School.  He served in the United States Army and was stationed in France for a time.  On December 24, 1949, he was united in marriage to Peggy Sue Neill at Cheyenne Valley, Oklahoma.  He farmed and ranched his entire life on the family farm where he was born and raised.  
As a teenager, Mac accepted Jesus.  He was a member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church where he served as a Deacon and taught Sunday School.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by an infant daughter; one brother; and one sister.  
Mac is survived by his wife, Peggy, of the home; two sons, Jerry Nickelson and wife, Jane, of Waynoka, and Mark Nickelson and wife, Kim, of Waynoka; and four daughters, Marilyn Moore and husband, Gary, of Meno, Rita Clausing and husband, Bill, of St. John, Kansas, Treva Sallee and husband, Jeff, of Sierra Vista, Arizona, and Gail Nickelson of Waynoka.  
Also surviving are 12 grandchildren, Jack Nickelson, Jana Walker and husband, Wade, Scott Moore and wife, Monica, Melissa Slocter and husband, Michael, Katie Logsdon and husband, Jeremy, Alexa Humphries and husband, Brian, Natalie Nickelson, John Nickelson, Erika Clausing, Jeffrey Sallee and wife, Jessica, Andrew Sallee and wife, Morgan, and Matthew Sallee; 12 great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First Baptist Church. 
			