Graveside services for Katherine French Boyd will be 1:00 p.m. Friday, November 29, 2013, at the Granite City Cemetery with Dutch Schneider officiating.  She will be at the Granite Church of Christ from 10:30 a.m. until 12:30 p.m.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  	    
Katherine French Johnson, daughter of the late Gradus and Bessie Johnson, was born May 14, 1927, near Granite, Oklahoma and passed away November 25, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years, 6 months, and 11 days.  	    
She was baptized at Granite Church Of Christ and graduated from Granite High School.   Attended Harding College, graduated Cum Laude from Southwestern State College in Weatherford with a BS in Education &amp; Southeastern State College in Durant with a MS in Education, NTE Certification.  She started teaching in 1966 and taught in Altus, Ok, Rattan, Ok &amp; Mid-Del schools retiring in 1986.     	    
On April 17, 1949, she was united in marriage to Doyle Wendell Boyd in Granite.  To this union were born four children Doyle Mark, John Pat, Kevin French, &amp; Keron Kay.  She lived and worshiped in Granite, Sayre, Medford, Vinita, Moore, Seiling, Clinton, Cordell, Altus, Del City, Antlers and Oklahoma City where Doyle passed in 1976.   	    
On September 4, 1993, she was united in marriage to James Howard Scott and lived in Del City, Palm Springs, Ca. and traveled extensively until his death on October 25, 2002.  	    
She moved to Alva in September, 2008, and lived a healthy and independent life and was active in church, family and neighborhood until her passing.  Her favorite scripture was John 3:16…and she did.  	    
Besides her parents and her husbands, she was preceded in death by her son, Kevin French Boyd; her daughter, Keron Kay Boyd; and her brother, A. G. Johnson.  	    
Katherine is survived by two sons, Doyle Mark Boyd and wife, Cyndy of Purcell, Oklahoma, and John Pat Boyd and wife, Saundra, of Alva, Oklahoma; five grandchildren, Amy Leigh and Tracy Raper of Purcell, Oklahoma, Matthew Kelsey and Sara Boyd of Norman, Oklahoma, Kayra Shores of Dallas, Texas, Kacey Jane and Taylor Gilpin of Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Jodi Pat Boyd and Ross Edmiston of Dallas, Texas; four great grandchildren; five great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to College Hill Church of Christ Bible Chair. 
			