Funeral services for Mildred May Sampson will be 1:00 p.m. Saturday, November 22, 2008, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Pastor David Shaw officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC. 	 Mildred May Sampson, daughter of the late Vernon Raymond and Ruth Cora (Stevens) Hartley, was born January 31, 1923, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away November 20, 2008, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 9 months, and 19 days. 	 Mildred attended Waynoka Schools. On April 22, 1940, she was united in marriage to Clarence Edward "Corky" Sampson at Alva, Oklahoma. They lived in Waynoka their entire lives where she was a devoted wife, mother, and grandmother. 	 She was a member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church, WOLF, the Waynoka Saddle Club, the Senior Citizen?s Center, SEB, and a bridge club. She also served on the Woods County Election Board and was a Boy Scout leader. She enjoyed embroidery, quilting, and gardening. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by three sisters, Verna Goff, Nelta Coulter, Maxine Helton, and two brothers, Eugene Hartley, and Virgil Hartley. 	 Mildred is survived by her husband, Corky, of Waynoka; two daughters, Sandra Olson and husband, Terry, of Mustang, Oklahoma, Arlene Hughes and husband, Gerald, of Verden, Oklahoma; two sons, Danny Sampson and wife, Lois, of Arkansas City, Kansas, and Darrel Sampson and wife, Pam, of Plover, Wisconsin; and one sister, Velma Sampson of Waynoka. 	 Also surviving are ten grandchildren, Debbie Winn of Verden, Oklahoma, Kurt Olson and wife, Debbie, of Yukon, Janiece Landry and husband, Allen, of Chickasha, Pam Shade and husband, Robert, of Mustang, Janelle Loafman and husband, Rob, of Comanche, Jennifer Dykes and husband, Anthony, of Mustang, Matt Sampson and wife, Deanna, of Enid, Jeff Sampson and wife, Darci, of Arkansas City, Kansas, Travis Sampson and wife, Ashley, of Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and Rachelle Sampson of Eau Claire, Wisconsin; 16 great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Nursing Center. 
			