Graveside services for Eddie Stanley Lyon will be 2:00 p.m. Sunday, December 23, 2007, at Memorial Hill Cemetery with Rev. John Brint, pastor of the Waynoka Church of God officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Eddie Stanley Lyon, son of the late Vern Stanley and Mildred (Austin) Lyon, was born February 20, 1930, on the farm south of Avard, and passed away December 20, 2007, at the Waynoka Nursing Center at the age of 77 years and 10 months.  
After Eddie graduated from Avard High School, he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps, serving from 1950 to 1953.  He became a Journeyman meat cutter at King Soopers in Denver where he was eventually promoted to supervisor.  After his retirement in 1981 he moved to Waynoka.  
In his younger years, he enjoyed playing baseball.  He loved hunting, fishing, and visiting with family and friends.  He also enjoyed gardening and sharing his fruit and vegetables.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by three brothers, Coy Lyon, Clifford Lyon, and Grover Lyon; one daughter, Dona Lowe; and one granddaughter, Colbie May Crandall.  
Eddie is survived by one son, Eddie "Skip? Lyon, of Washington, four daughters,  Carrie Miller and her husband, Charles, of Denver, Vona Lyon of Denver, Becky Crandall and her husband, Glenn of Denver, and Mary Kathleen Lyon of Jacksonville, Florida; and three sisters, LaVern Cox of Dalhart, Texas, Jean Kinikin of Dumas, Texas, and Wanna Bradford of Dalhart, Texas.  
Also surviving are seven  grandchildren, Kevin Lyon of Denver, Justin Miller of Denver, Glenn Crandall, Jr. of Ft. Collins, Colorado, Tana Stephens and her husband, Jeff, of Lakewood, Colorado, Jami Miller of Denver, David Lowe of Denver, and Travis Lyon of Washington; three great grandchildren, Glenn Lee Crandall III (L. J.), Mischon Stephens, and Kiley May Wailes-Crandall; other loved relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Epilepsy or Multiple Sclerosis research. 
			