Funeral services for Marie M. Farris will be 10:00 a.m. Friday, April 27, 2007, at the Alva Church of God with Rev. Bob Brown officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Margie Magdalene Marie Farris, daughter of the late Frank and Otia (Quinn) Eckels, was born March 27, 1921, south of Hopeton in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away April 24, 2007, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years and 27 days.  
Marie attended Friendship Elementary School and Horace Mann High School.  On May 25, 1937, she was united in marriage to Wayne H. Farris at Medicine Lodge, Kansas.  They farmed and ranched near Dacoma.  
She was a member of the Dacoma Church of God and the Alva Church of God.  Marie served as church treasurer and as pianist for a time.  She was also active in the women?s organization.  She enjoyed sewing, cooking, quilting and taking care of her family.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by two brothers, Leslie Eckels and Vernon Eckels, one sister, Lorena Lambert; and one great grandson, Cody Wiebener.  
Marie is survived by four sons, Bill Farris and his wife, Ja Deanna, of Alva, Max Farris and his wife, Maria, of Liberal, Kansas, Ernie Farris and his wife, Genevieve, of Alva, and John Farris and his wife, Vickie, of Alva; and one daughter, Kay Loges of Alva.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, LaDeanna Wiebener and her husband, Jack, of Alva, Pam Gale and her husband, Steve, of Alva, Jonathan Farris and his wife, Rhonda, of Liberal, Sandy Mooreman and her husband, Patrick, of Kansas City, Danny Farris of Liberal, Joyce Duncan and her husband, David, of Anchorage, Alaska, Donita Bennett and her husband, Brian, of League City, Texas, Leasa Wilch and her husband, Chris, of Wichita, Waylen Loges of Woodward, Sean Farris of Alva, and Seth Farris of Alva; 12 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Church of God Building Fund. 
			