Graveside services for Marjorie Caroline Hayward will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, April 30, 2012, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery with Rev. Joshua Leu officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  In the event of rain, the service will be at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel.    
Marjorie Caroline Hayward, daughter of the late Guy Metcalf and Reba (Carrico) Lisk, was born October 22, 1907, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away April 23, 2012, at Bartlesville, Oklahoma, at the age of 104 years, 6 months, and 1 day.    
On June 1, 1926, she was united in marriage to John Noel “Jack” Hayward.  They made their home in Alva.  To this union three children were born, Patricia Ann, Virginia Sue, and Jerry Lisk.    
Marjorie attended Alva Public Schools.  In 1947 she obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern State College and began her career where she became a public administrator in social services, retiring after 30 years.  She was a member of the Church of Christ, Scientist.    
She loved Alva and held memberships in Chapter C, P.E.O., Daughters of the American Revolution, and Sigma Kappa Sorority.  She was cofounder and member of the original board of the Nescatunga Arts and Humanities Council.    
She was passionate about the Runnymede Hotel restoration project, making many contributions.  An avid bridge player, she enjoyed spending many hours playing bridge with her friends.    
A lover of antiques, she enjoyed collecting and displaying her vast collections in her home.  A distinguished artist in her own right, she and her husband, artist J. N. Hayward, enhanced their artistic talents through their travels.  Her hobbies included painting, crocheting, knitting, sewing, and working with her hands, leaving her family and friends many beautiful keepsakes.  She loved to shop, especially for shoes.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Jack; one son, Jerry; two daughters, Patricia, and Virginia Brandenburg; and two brothers, James and Robert Lisk.    
Marjorie is survived by three granddaughters, Linda Sue Brandenburg of Savannah, Georgia, Jennifer Brandenburg Leu and husband, Sam, of Bartlesville, and Carrie Hayward Helms and husband, Dennis, of Warner Robins, Georgia; four great grandchildren; six great great grandchildren; a special niece, Cynthia DePrado and her husband, Tony; other relatives and friends.    
“Grammie” enjoyed life to it’s fullest and saw beauty in all things.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Nescatunga Arts and Humanities Council or the Runnymede Hotel.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			