Funeral services for Imogene I. Hummel will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, October 17, 2009, at the First United Methodist Church in Geneseo, Kansas, with Rev. Ticia Bennett officiating.  Interment will be in the Geneseo Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva, Oklahoma.  
Imogene I. Hummel was born Nov. 17, 1927, in Kanopolis, Kansas, the daughter of Sam and Marie Wild Grubb and died Oct. 14, 2009, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 10 months, and 27 days.  
She moved with her parents to Geneseo in 1930, was a graduate of Geneseo High School, and attended Pittsburgh State College where she studied linotype and printing.  
She married Emmett K. Hummel of Kanopolis on Dec. 14, 1946, and they moved to Geneseo in 1952.  He died July 16, 1989.  
She worked for several newspapers including the Lyons Daily, Ellsworth Messenger, and Ellsworth Reporter; and started the Geneseo Galaxy in 1974 as editor/publisher for nine years.  She also served as chairman of the Geneseo Centennial Committee.  
She was a member of the United Methodist Church, a 57 year member of the American Legion Auxiliary and 55+ Club, all of Geneseo, 8/40 Reno Salon, Kansas Woman?s Day Club, and the VFW Aux. of Benson, AZ.  She was instrumental in organizing the American Legion Auxiliary in Geneseo.  
Her interest in the programs of the American Legion Auxiliary led her to become president of the Department of Kansas to which she was elected in May 1996.  She also served as Director of Girls State and worked in that program for 12 years.  
Imogene enjoyed spending time with her family, playing cards, and cheering on the KU Jayhawks.  
Survivors include two sons, Sam and his wife, Cathy, of Waynoka, OK and Spence and his wife, Janet, of Corsicana, TX; one daughter Susan Gilliland and her husband, Dan, of Medfield, MA; nine grandchildren, Paul Hummel and his wife Heather, Nicholas and Sarah Hummel, Larry Hummel and his wife Terri, Whitney Gum and her husband Garret, Chelsea Bixler and her husband Blake, Taylor Waggoner, Jason and Kelly Gilliland, and four great grandchildren, Maya, Alyssa, Rylee, and Braxton Hummel.  Besides her husband, she was preceded in death by her parents, a sister, and one granddaughter.  
The family requests that memorials be made to the Kansas American Legion Auxiliary Sunflower Girls State program, 1314 Topeka Blvd., Topeka, KS. 66612. 
			