Funeral services for Alice Lorene Stuck will be 2:30 p.m., Sunday, March 11, 2012, at the Elm Flat Christian Church in Aline with Rev. Len Ray Coulter officiating.  Interment will be in the Pleasant Ridge cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.  
Alice Lorene Stuck, daughter of the late John Marion and Minnie Margaret (Deeg) Gulick, was born February 1, 1915, in Alfalfa County, Oklahoma, and passed away March 7, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 97 years, 1 month, and 6 days.  
Alice attended the Elm Flat school.  On February 14, 1933, she was united in marriage to Earl Jessie Stuck in Alva, Oklahoma.  They lived on the farm west of Aline where she was a homemaker and helped around the farm.   She moved to Carmen in 1982.  
She was a member of the Elm Flat Christian Church where she served as a Ladies Aide.  She enjoyed hand quilting and playing Skipbo.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by her stepmother, Lena; infant twin daughters; another daughter, Carol Marie Lewis; two brothers, Roscoe Gulick and Raymond Gulick; one half brother, Paul Gulick; and one step sister, Pauline Phillips.  
Alice is survived by two daughters, Ruby Stewart and husband, George, of Hamilton, Kansas, and Pauline Kassik and husband, Roger, of Dacoma; one sister, Lyda Gulick of Fairview; and one half brother, Stephen Gulick of Wichita, Kansas.  
Also surviving are 9 grandchildren, Marsha Stewart and Deanna Stewart, both of El Dorado, Kansas; Jeff Stewart and wife, Brenda, of Hamilton, Kansas, Mark Stewart and wife, Denise, of Madison, Kansas, Lynni Greb and husband, Gene, of Dacoma, Dawn Burkes and husband, Shawn, of Oxford, Kansas, Catrina Wilkinson of Enid, Justin Lewis and wife, Joy, of Moore, Oklahoma, and Connie Jenkins and friend, Dave Osburn, of Harrah, Oklahoma; 14 great grandchildren, Tylor, Janna, Bruce, Ben, Alicia, Kayla, Jessica, Jacob, Ashley, Raley, Christian, Koy, Baye, and Gage; 6 step great grandchildren, Jana, Devon, Gabbie, Josh, Shane, and Chris; 11 great great grandchildren, Willow, Aidan, Emily, Marley, Jameson, Jessie, Jenna, Scylis, Milo, Kyle, and Oliver; and one step great great grandchild, Brooks; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice or Share Convalescent Center. 
			