Funeral services for Richard "Dick? Harrison will be 1:30 p.m. Wednesday, November 12, 2008, at the First Christian Church with Rev. Ron Pingelton and Rev. William S. Kalfas officiating.  Interment for family and close friends will be 12:30 p.m. Wednesday, November 12, 2008, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Harold Richard "Dick? Harrison, son of the late Lloyd Lee and Juanita Lorraine (Jacobs) Harrison, was born May 27, 1930, and passed away November 9, 2008, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 78 years, 5 months, and 12 days.  
Dick graduated from Alva High School, then served in the Korean War with the 45th Infantry Signal Corps.  On August 8, 1954, he was united in marriage to Thamazin Heydman in Cherokee, Oklahoma.  He studied electronics and began working for Carl and Anna Belle Shafer in 1952.  Dick and his partners purchased the electronics business and formed Shafer, Inc.  Dick worked at Shafer?s until his retirement in June of 1993.  
He was baptized in the Alva First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) in 1941 and has remained a member and served as a deacon, elder,  cabinet and board member and choir member.  He is a 52 year member of Alva Masonic Lodge #105 and a 32nd degree Mason in Scottish Rite.  He served as Rainbow Dad for 42 years.  
Dick and Thamazin were named Alva Citizens of the Year in 1990.  Dick was past president of the Alva Golf and Country Club and the Alva Kiwanis Club.  He was an avid sports fan supporting the Goldbugs, Rangers and Sooners.  Dick was on the committee that sponsored the first Bahama Breakaway and served as Torch Run Chairman for the 1989 Olympic Games.  
The Dick and Thamazin Harrison Scholarship at NWOSU was established this year in their honor by Kelli and Brock Schnebel.  The Harrisons have supported NWOSU academics and sports and are members of 1st and 2nd Century, the Millennium Club and the Presidents Association.  
Dick?s greatest joy was spending time with his grandchildren.  He loved playing games, attending their sports and academic events, going to Colorado, or just enjoying time with his family.  
As a charter member of the Alva Community Theatre, Inc. he has built most of the sets for the plays for 36 years and has been the House Manager and maintained the theatre as a volunteer for 16 years.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his step dad, Bill Hand; and one sister, RoJean Miles.  
Dick is survived by his wife, Thamazin, of Alva; his daughter, Kelli Schnebel and husband, Brock, of Oklahoma City; his grandson, Chase Harrison Schnebel; his granddaughters, Jessica Schnebel and husband, Justin Rousseau, Bailey Schnebel and fianc?, Jacob Coleman, and Addison Schnebel; his sister, Roberta Wilson; his niece, Stacia Miles; and nephews, Dick Miles and Randy Moore; other relatives and many friends.  
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Dick and Thamazin Harrison Scholarship at NWOSU or the Alva First Christian Church. 
			