High Mass for the family and Catholic friends of Maria A. Ramirez will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, April 24, 2013, at Our Mother of Mercy Church with Father James Wickersham serving as Celebrant.  Funeral services for everyone will be 1:30 p.m. Wednesday at the First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw  officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Maria Ramirez left this life peacefully on April 20, 2013, at the age of 89 years, 10 months, and 16 days.  She was born in Nochistlan, Zacatecas, Old Mexico, on June 4, 1923, the daughter of Pablo and Dometila (Hernandez) Perez.    
At the age of 2, her father brought the family to the United States.  Shortly after arriving, her mother passed away in White Deer, Texas.  After her mother’s death, Mary was sent back to Nochistlan, Zacatecas, by her father to live with her Uncle Antonio.  At the age of 10, her father brought her back to the United States.  She and her father lived in the surrounding areas of Waynoka, including Edith and Selman, until the Santa Fe Railroad brought them to Waynoka.    
She attended school for a short time and then stayed home to care for children who lived in the section.  During her life in Waynoka she worked for the Santa Fe Railroad at the round house cleaning engines.    
On August 18, 1945, she was married to Jess Richard Ramirez in Waynoka.  To this union she had four children, Rosanna, Chris, Vivian, and Lawrence.  After working for the railroad, Mary went to work for Nell Long ironing clothes and pressing sheets on the Mango.  The majority of her career was spent working for Clara Miller at Miller’s Café for approximately 35 years, after which she retired.  Once retired she spent her time helping to raise her grandchildren, Lucinda and Maria.    
She was a member of Our Mother of Mercy Catholic Church.  She participated in the women of the Red Hat Society and enjoyed her time spent at the First Baptist Church with the ladies of the Wolf Club.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her step mother, Juanita Perez; and her husband, Jess.    
Mary is survived by all four of her children, Rosanna and husband, A. C. Gregg, of Tecumseh, Oklahoma, Chris Ramirez and wife, Elaine, of Booker, Texas, Vivian Nutter and the late Ray Nutter, of Waynoka, and Lawrence Ramirez of Enid; two sisters, Cathy Whiteside and husband, Gary, of Enid, and Lupe Kephart of Carmen; one brother, Paul Perez and wife, Susan, of Tulsa.    
Also surviving are seven grandchildren, Bryan Gregg and wife, Heather, of Springfield, Missouri, Stephanie Ramirez of Enid, Shelly Crandall and husband, George, of Edmond, Lucinda Ramirez and Ellen Dugan, both of Yukon, Crystal Ramirez of Oklahoma City, Maria Wells and husband, Matt, of Owasso, and Bobbi Bryant and husband, Jody of Laverne; ten great grandchildren, Christopher Fitzpatrick, Shelbie Grizzle, Sydney White, Alex Dugan, Alyson Warren, Lillian, Lauren, and Jake Wells, Britain Bryant, and Finley Ramirez; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made to the funeral home to help with funeral expenses. 
			