Funeral services for Clyde L. (Jeff) Landreth will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, May 5, 2007, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Clyde L. (Jeff) Landreth, son of the late Jeffery Joseph and Viola (Hughes) Landreth, was born November 13, 1925, in Hollis, Oklahoma, and passed away May 2, 2007, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 5 months, and 19 days.  
Jeff attended grade school and junior high in the Hollis area.  In his junior year, he enlisted in the United States Navy and left Hollis in December, 1943.  Jeff served on the USS DADE PA 99 as a Gunner?s Mate, Third Class for two years during World War II carrying troops and wounded.  He returned to port in Oakland, California until his discharge in May, 1946.  
Jeff returned to Hollis where he finished high school and played football for Dick Highfill.  After high school graduation in 1947, he followed Coach Highfill to Alva, where Highfill took the head coaching job at Northwestern State College.  Jeff became a four year letterman and captain for the Rangers.  He graduated in 1952 with a bachelors degree in Education  
In July, 1952, Jeff married Donna Burns and they moved to Attica, Kansas where they both taught classes and he began a coaching career.  After several years in the education field, they started a farming and ranching operation and moved to a farm southeast of Alva where they lived for nine years.  Jeff, Donna, and family then moved to Alva where they continued to farm and ranch until his death.    
Jeff was a member of the Alva First Baptist Church and the Blackwing Post #2487 of Veteran?s of Foreign Wars.  On April 16, 2003, he was inducted into the Harmon County Athletic Hall of Fame.  He enjoyed rodeos, hunting and outdoor activities, but especially enjoyed his kids and grandkids.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by four sisters, Mary Jo Harris, Kay Landreth, LaVerne Huges, and Wanda Haskins.  
Jeff is survived by his wife, Donna, of Alva; two sons, David of Houston, Texas, and Kevin of Ponca City, Oklahoma; one daughter, Kayla Haskins and her husband, Max, and their children, Adrianne, Allie, and Aidan, all of Burleson, Texas.  
Also surviving are two brothers, W. F. Landreth and his wife, Judi, of Bloomington, Minnesota, and Kenneth Landreth and his wife, Charlene of Scottsdale, Arizona; two sisters, Patty Skeele and her husband, Bill, of Olympia, Washington, and Sue Williams and her husband, Tim, of Lubbock, Texas; one sister-in-law, Toni Geis, of Vacaville, California; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Baptist Church or Northwest Family Services. 
			