Funeral services for Shirley Joy Davidson will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, January 23, 2010, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. Bob Brown officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Shirley Joy Davidson, daughter of the late Burton and Ora Mae (Littrell) Denney, was born July 30, 1922, at Fairvalley, Oklahoma, and went to be with her Lord and loved ones on January 20, 2010, in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 87 years, 5 months, and 20 days. 	 Joy grew up at Fairvalley and attended her elementary years at the rural grade school.  She attended Horace Mann High School in Alva, graduating with the Class of 1940, and then attended college at Northwestern.  During this time she helped out with the farm and later worked with her mother at the post office in Fairvalley. 	 On January 3, 1944, she was united in marriage to Kenneth H. Davidson and moved with him to  Waynoka where they lived in the home they built together all of their married life. 	 Joy worked many jobs during her lifetime including the Waynoka Hospital, Coury?s Department Store, Long?s Laundry, Peggy?s Restaurant, and for many years helped her husband run the Davidson?s 66 Station.  She loved poetry and wrote many poems for her family and friends, several being published along with other articles she had written.   She also wrote weekly news columns for the Waynoka Enterprise, Woods County News and Woodward News for several years. 	 Joy was a thoughtful, kind and loving person who was always there for her family, friends, and neighbors in good times and bad.  During her time living in Waynoka she was a Past Worthy Matron of the Order of Eastern Star, a Mother Advisor of the Order of Rainbow for Girls, and worked on the Election Board.  She was a member of the City Council, the Chamber of Commerce, the Waynoka Saddle Club, the Waynoka Super Scribblers Club, the Cloverleaf Club, S.E.B. Club, and held a lifetime membership in the Ladies Auxiliary of the Freedom Cimarron Cowhand Association. 	 Joy was a member of the Morning Star Baptist Church and the First Baptist Church of Waynoka.  After moving to Alva in 1994 to be closer to her beloved grandsons, she attended the Alva Church of God.  In 2007, she moved to the Share Convalescent Home. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Kenneth; her grandson, Daniel Washington; three brothers, Delbert, Verlin, and Gareld Denney; and one sister, Edna Olson. 	 Joy is survived by her daughter, Marietta Washington and husband, David, of Alva; three grandsons, Derek Washington of Enid, Dylan Washington and wife, Shala, of Alva and Thomas Washington and fianc?, Jana Bagley, of Alva; one great granddaughter, Kori Washington; two sisters-in-law, Donna Lockhart of Amarillo, Texas and Verna Davidson of Waynoka, many nieces and nephews; othe relatives and friends, all of whom she loved dearly. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka EMTs or the Alva EMTs. 
			