Funeral services for Jo Retta Rhodes will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, February 13, 2015, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Aaron Wagner officiating. Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family present from 5-7 p.m. Thursday, February 12, 2015 at the funeral home.  	    
Jo Retta Marie Rhodes, daughter of the late Garold Edward and Mary Katherin (Murrow) Busse, was born November 26, 1961, at Alva General Hospital and passed away February 8, 2015, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 53 years, 2 months, and 16 days.  	    
Jo Retta graduated from Alva High School with the class of 1980 and went on to graduate from Northwestern Oklahoma State University in 1985 with a teaching degree. She taught Home Economics until 1994.  In April of 1995 she was united in marriage to Les Rhodes. She worked at Share Medical Center for 10 years and helped her husband and brothers with the farming and ranching.  After leaving Share Medical Center she became a Heritage Makers consultant doing digital scrapbooking while continuing to help with the family farming and ranching. She was on the board of the Cherokee Strip Museum an active member of the Grow and Share OHCE group. She enjoyed going to the mountains in Red River, riding 4-wheelers, feeding her cattle, going to her nieces and nephews activities, sewing, bowling with her league friends, and traveling to Heritage Maker conventions.  	    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her sister, Jannel Lawrence.  	    
Jo Retta is survived by her husband, Les, of Alva, two brothers, Kenneth Busse and special friend, Rhonda VanBuskirk of Alva, and Keith Busse and wife, Elizabeth of Alva; brothers- in- law, Rick Lawrence and wife, Kara, of Weatherford, Earnest Rhodes, of Alva, Doug Rhodes, of Pratt, Kansas: nieces, KeEra Busse of Amarillo, Texas, Bella Lawrence of Weatherford, Bailey Rhodes of Alva, and Lacey Rhodes of Edmond; nephews, Colton Lawrence and Zachary Lawrence, both of Weatherford, William Parker and Joseph Parker, both of Alva, and Stetson Rhodes of Alva; other relatives and friends.  	    
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Cancer Society or Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for cancer research.    
  The service will be streamed live online at:  http://citylinktv.com/channel/alva-marshall-funeral-home/ 
			