Funeral services for Virgil Leroy Russell, will be 2:00 p.m., Saturday, January 22, 2011, at the United Methodist Church, Freedom, Oklahoma with Rev. Ray Hull, officiating.  Interment will be in the Fairvalley Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Virgil Leroy Russell, one of eleven children of the late James and Amanda (Littrell) Russell, was born March 16, 1917 in Woods County, Oklahoma near Fairvalley. He passed away on January 18, 2011 at the Clinton Veterans Center at the age of 93.  
Virgil was born, raised and lived his entire life on land homesteaded by his parents. He attended Fairvalley School. On January 2, 1942 he was united in marriage to Helen Dutton Russell at Freedom, Oklahoma. He was soon sent to World War II where he served as a tank driver in the U. S. Army, receiving a Purple Heart for injuries sustained in battle. After Virgil?s return from military service he and Helen raised a family on their farm southeast of Freedom.  
Throughout his life, he was active in the Morning Star, Freedom, and Woodward Baptist churches where he especially enjoyed singing hymns.  In addition to raising cattle, Virgil worked on the railroad and drove a school bus for many years. Helen preceded him in death on August 29, 2004. He was also preceded in death by 5 sisters and 2 brothers.  
Survivors include six children and their spouses, Bob and Debi Russell of Jackson, TN, Sherry and Bobby Russell, Lida and Tom Russell of Minco, OK, Jim and Annette Russell of Los Alamos, NM, Tom and Julie Russell of Freedom, OK, and JoNell and Greg Roszyk of Crestline, CA; nine grandchildren, Jeannie Snow, Angie and Galen Humphrey, Nathan Russell, Paul Russell, Cody Dodson, Corey and Jill Russell, Jordan and Jessica Russell, Lucas Russell and Sarah Russell; 8 great-grandchildren; brothers Ralph Russell of Waynoka, OK, Harley and Alice Russell of Ruskin, FL and one sister Bonnie Dutton Glasgow of Winfield, KS; other relatives and friends.  
In later years, Virgil was blessed with a very special friend Leta Williams of Woodward, OK. They enjoyed attending church, having lunch, and visiting over the phone.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom Ambulance and Fire Departments. 
			