Services for Rosa Alice (Slater) Bouse will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, October 28, 2011, at the Green Valley Free Methodist Church, near Carmen Oklahoma with Rev. Dave Keller officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.   
Rosa Alice (Slater) Bouse, the oldest of six children, was born to Mirl and Wanda Long Slater on September 29, 1917, in Major County Oklahoma, and passed away October 24, 2011, at the age of 94 years and 25 days.   
She was a graduate of Cheyenne Valley High School class of 1937. She was united in marriage to Chester Payton Bouse in 1940. Alice&amp;s uncle, the Reverend Earl Slater, performed the ceremony. Alice was always a hard worker helping with outdoor work on the Diamond "O" ranch, as well as being very skilled at sewing, quilt making and embroidery.   
She attended Green Valley Methodist Church where she helped with Bible school arts and crafts for many years. On rare occasions she served as substitute teacher at Twin Oaks Country School. She supported members of the 4H club, helping with sewing and crafts.   
After a fourteen year battle with Alzheimer disease she has received her heavenly place. She will be greatly missed by all who knew her.   
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Chet; and four brothers, Carl, Lawrence, Charlie, and John Slater.   
Alice is survived by two daughters, Hattie Bea James and husband, John Franklin, of Oklahoma City, and Lana Loraine Powers and husband, William, of Crimora, Virginia; five grandchildren, Deborah Louise James of Oklahoma City, Kirby Allen James of Oklahoma City, Kevin Dale James and wife, Judy, of Rogers, Arkansas, David Wayne Powers and wife, Caroline, Daniel Nathan Powers and wife, Debbie, of Greenville, Virginia and Patricia Ellen Powers Auwarter and husband, Tim, of Hendersonville, North Carolina. Eleven great grandchildren, Jordan and Tyler James, both of Rogers, Arkansas, Alex, Leah, Victoria, and Erin Powers, all of Dayton, Tennessee , Delaney, Devan, and Dawson Payton, all of Greenville, Virginia, and Sean and Alaina Grace Auwarter, both of Hendersonville, North Carolina; one brother Cecil Slater and wife, Mona Lee Brockelman, of Spearman, Texas, a sister-in-law, Nancy Bouse Slater of Wichita, Kansas; other relatives and friends.   
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Green Valley Free Methodist Church. 
			