Mother&amp;s earthly trials are over, Her worries and cares are gone. Her memories shall always linger with us, For she has just gone on before to her home and rest with Jesus and to wait for us on heaven&amp;s shore.  
Mary Etta Kutz, daughter of the late Abraham Lincoln Snyder and Mary Augusta (Johnson) Snyder, was born August 21, 1918, in Basin, Wyoming, and passed away March 4, 2007, at the Waynoka Nursing Center in Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 88 years, 6 months, and 11 days.  
Mary Etta moved with her parents and family from Wyoming to Sunshine Valley, Taos County, New Mexico at an early age where she grew to womanhood and graduated from Costilla, New Mexico High School.  Before her marriage she worked as a cook?s helper at the Moly Mine west of Red River, New Mexico.  
She was united in marriage July 22, 1939, to Wayne Marion Kutz at Seiling, Oklahoma.  They made their home in Waynoka thereafter.  To this union were born two children, Rodney Allen and Marilyn Judy.  
Wayne Marion Kutz departed this life January 22, 1970.  She was wonderfully saved and joined the Methodist Church to which she proved faithful.  Mary Etta was a member of the Ada Ann quilting club where she was active for 55 years until it disbanded.  She was also active in the Waynoka Senior Citizens group and she enjoyed going to Miller?s Caf? for meals, coffee and friends.  
She was preceded in death by her husband; her parents; and by four brothers, Carl, George, Lester, and Clarence Snyder; and by three sisters, Marguerite Lowe, Myrtle Jackson, and Anna McElwreath.  
Mary Etta is survived by one son, Rodney Kutz and his wife, Delaine, of Ponca City; one daughter, Marilyn Toellner and her husband, Daryal, of Waynoka; one sister, Gladys McDonald of Tucson, Arizona; three grandchildren, Stan Gregory of Laramie, Wyoming, Roy Gregory of Laramie, Wyoming, and Gwendolyn Morgan of Wichita, Kansas; one great grandson, Skylar Morgan of Wichita; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Nursing Center Activity Fund or the Waynoka First United Methodist Church. 
			