Funeral services for Doris Colleen Healan will be 11:00 a.m. Friday, September 16, 2011 at the First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) with Rev. Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Doris Colleen Healan, daughter of the late Cecil and Mary (Clark) Greenwood, was born November 2, 1924, at Byron, Oklahoma, and passed away September 12, 2011, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years, 10 months, and 10 days.  
Doris graduated from Byron High School.  During World War II she worked as a rivetor on the pressure cabins of B-29 Bombers.  Doris tried out and made the All American Redheads which barnstormed across America.  However, instead of the basketball team, she decided to marry Ray Edmond "Doc? Doctor on November 8, 1947.  They lived several places while he worked as a seismologist for Shell Oil Company.  In 1958, she completed Beauty College and worked as a hairdresser in Alva until her retirement.  On September 24, 1994, she was united in marriage to Burnill Buford "Bud? Healan in Alva where they made their home.  
Doris was a member of the Alva First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) and the Moose Lodge.  She really enjoyed bowling and traveled to many state and national tournaments with her team.  She loved attending the Ranger and the Goldbug basketball games and enjoyed watching the Oklahoma City Thunder.  She also enjoyed sewing.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Doc; her husband, Bud; one daughter, Diana Sue Higginbotham; one brother, Jack Greenwood, and one sister, Coleta Hein.  
Doris is survived by her son, Doug Doctor and wife, Sharon, of Alva; one brother, Jim Greenwood of Kiowa, Kansas; one sister, Norma Jean Short of Kiowa, Kansas; three grandchildren, Brooke Bow and husband, Wade, of Norman, Oklahoma, Rhett Bouziden and wife, Becky, of Ashland, Kansas, and Leslie Buchanan and husband, Randall, of Hays, Kansas; six great grandchildren, Caleb, Bethany, Eden and Sadie Bouziden of Ashland, Kansas, and Eli and Isabella Buchanan of Hayes, Kansas; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Northwestern Ranger basketball teams or the Alva Goldbug basketball teams. 
			