Funeral services for Katherine Urban will be 2:30 pm Friday, July 17, 2009, at the Waynoka School with Bill David Walker and Scott Kysar officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Katherine Florence Urban, daughter of the late William Roland and Goldie (Brotherton) McNally, was born October 1, 1923, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away July 14, 2009, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 9 months, and 13 days.  
Katherine attended Springdale School before graduating from Waynoka High School.  On December 16, 1941, she was united in marriage to Fred Alfred Urban at Enid, Oklahoma.  She received her LPN certification from the Woodward Vo-Tech Nursing School and her RN Degree at Amarillo, Texas.  She worked at Waynoka, Laverne, Buffalo, and Ft. Supply.  After she retired from the State of Oklahoma after working at Ft. Supply, she worked at Share Medical Center in Alva.  She was well known as a wonderful care giver.  
She was well known for her cooking, canning, and baking and always won many awards at the county fair.  She also won the National Soft Silk Baking Contest and the Oklahoma Wheat Contest.  Her family was always very important to her and she always enjoyed spending time with them. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by husband, Fred; one daughter, Katherine Louise Rutledge; five brothers, Carl McNally, Charles McNally, Wayne McNally, Dale McNally, and Preston McNally; and one sister, Nettie Plummer.  
Katherine is survived by three sons, Fred A. Urban of Odessa, Texas, Kenny W. Urban and wife, Carol, of Farmington, Illinois, and Ritson Urban and wife, Melody, of Roosevelt, Oklahoma; two daughters, Golda Kopf and husband, Wendell, of Pearland, Texas, and Lora Elizabeth Meyer of Waynoka; 15 grandchildren; 28 great grandchildren; and 1 great great grandchild; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Woodward Career Tech for Nursing Scholarships. 
			