Funeral services for Betty Wiebener will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, June 30, 2012, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Aaron Wagner officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Betty Lee Wiebener, daughter of the late Oval C. and Grace (Fogel) Hill, was born October 14, 1925, at Amarillo, Texas, and passed away June 28, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years, 8 months, and 12 days.  
She attended West Side Elementary School, Alva Junior High and graduated from Alva High School with the class of 1943.  Betty also attended Northwestern State College. On February 19, 1950, she was united in marriage to Verlin H. Wiebener in Alva. They made their home on the farm where Verlin was born and raised.  
Betty was a member of Zion Lutheran Church, Ruth Circle, and LWML. She was also an active member of Household Executives FCE Club for several years, having held offices of President, Vice President, and Secretary.  Betty worked many places including Alva Chamber of Commerce, P.O.W. Camp, Enid Air Base, County Extension Office, and Central National Bank.  She also served as Woods County Fair Secretary for over 45 years.  
Besides her parents and husband, Verlin, she was preceded in death by a sister and her husband, Rachael and Harry Moeller, and one brother-in-law and wife, Don and June Wiebener.  
Betty is survived by a son, Rick Wiebener and wife, ReJeana, of Alva; a daughter, Robin Moore and husband, Jon, of Austin, Texas; five grandchildren, Amanda DeSelms and husband, Matt, of Vici, Eric Diefenbach of Alva, and Ryan, Riley, and Raeden Wiebener all of Alva; three great grandchildren, Kaden, and twins Korbyn and Kaycee DeSelms.  
Also surviving are two nieces, Kay Fisk and husband, George, of Dallas, Texas, and Joy Meier and husband, Mike, of Alva; and one nephew, Jack Wiebener and wife, Dee, of Alva; special friends, Donnetta Joachims and Don and Cheryl Diefenbach; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for diabetes or Zion Lutheran Church. 
			