Graveside services for Ralph Arthur Tanner will be 11:30 a.m. Friday, May 31, 2013, at the Apostolic Christian Cemetery with Rev. Tom Cooksey, pastor of the Cherokee First Baptist Church, officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Ralph Arthur Tanner, son of the late Henry and Ida (Schafer) Tanner, was born November 3, 1909, on a farm near Burlington, Oklahoma, and passed away May 27, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 103 years, 6 months, and 24 days.    
Ralph graduated from Burlington High School with the Class of 1930.  On July 4, 1940, he was united in marriage to Laura Hester in Barnsdall, Oklahoma.  They made their home on a farm near Neodesha, Kansas where Ralph farmed and worked as W. J. Small’s Company electrician.  There they were blessed with two sons, Richard and Frank.    
In 1946 they moved to the farm near Burlington where Ralph farmed and worked at the electrical trade, wiring houses and churches.  In 1972, they retired from farming and moved to Donna, Texas in the Rio Grande Valley where they built and operated a small trailer court.  In 1977, they moved to Perry, Oklahoma and in 1985 to Enid.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Laura; two brothers, Floyd and Elmer; and one sister, Dorothy.    
Ralph is survived by two sons, Richard Tanner and wife, Frances, of Burlington, and Frank Tanner of Grover Beach, California; one brother, Leonard Tanner of Warsaw, Indiana; five grandchildren, Elizabeth Thiessen and husband, Kent, of Broken Arrow, Deborah Gardner and husband, Clint, of Pryor, Annette Messenger and husband, Shannon, of Bartlesville, John Tanner and wife, Melanie, of Mustang, and Kaylyn Mashlan and husband, Daniel, of Midwest City; thirteen great grandchildren, Sydney, Mackenzie, Avery, Kara, Tanner, Ashlyn, Caden, Hunter, Gabe, Seth, Jordan, Jackson, and Zoe; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Burlington Education Foundation, RENEW, or the Disaster Relief at the Cherokee First Baptist Church.    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			