Funeral services for Vernon Anthony "Vernie? Hackney will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, December 27, 2011, at the First Christian Church (Disciples  of Christ) with Rev. Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family at the funeral home Monday, December 26, 2011, from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m.  
Vernon Anthony "Vernie? Hackney, son of the late Henry Harry and Lottie Mae (Cooper) Hackney, was born March 3, 1920, at Lookout, Oklahoma, and passed away December 24, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 91 years, 9 months, and 21 days.  
Vernie attended school at Lookout and Freedom High School.  On October  18, 1939, he was united in marriage to Rose Thompson at Buffalo.  During World War II he enlisted in the United States Army and served in the Pacific Theater with the 24th Infantry Division.  After his discharge from the army, he returned to Freedom where he farmed and ranched.  Rose preceded him in death in 1967.  
On July 10, 1970, he was united in marriage to Jeanette Schaefer at Woodard, Oklahoma.   He served as a Woods County Commissioner for over 20 years.  
He was a member of the American Legion and the Moose Lodge.  He enjoyed fishing and hunting quail and turkey with Jim Holder.  
Besides his parents and his wife, Rose, he was preceded in death by his wife, Jeanette; one granddaughter, Terri Wiersig; four brothers, Phillip Hackney, Lloyd Hackney, Scott Hackney, and George Hackney; and three sisters, Betty Wilson, Mildred Hodgson, and Laura Murrow.  
Vernie is survived by daughter, Sharon Harris and husband, Zearl, of Alva; one granddaughter, Traci Schwerdtfeger of Oklahoma City; a grandson-in-law, Doug Wiersig of Kingfisher; four great grandchildren, Taylor Schwerdtfeger and wife, Kindsey, of Kingfisher, Wade Schwerdtfeger of Alva, ShaLyn Schwerdtfeger of Alva, and Lane Wiersig of Alva; and two great great granddaughters, Ali and Kodi Schwerdtfeger of Kingfisher.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the NWOSU Foundation for a rodeo scholarship. 
			