Interment for Harold Edwin Ferguson will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, March 3, 2012, at the Freedom Cemetery with family and friends.  Memorial services will follow at 11:00 a.m. Saturday at the Freedom School with Rev. Scott Ware and Rev. Mark Kinkle officiating.   Services are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Harold Edwin Ferguson, son of the late Joseph Edwin and Lillie Ann (Phillips) Ferguson, was born July 11, 1926, north of Freedom in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away March 1, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 7 months, and 19 days.  
Harold attended Houston Valley and Freedom School.  On January 25, 1943, he was united in marriage to Vera Marie Culver in Buffalo, Oklahoma. During World War II, he served in the United States Army from March 22, 1945, to May 16, 1946.  
After his discharge, he returned to Freedom where he farmed and ranched.  He also owned and operated the Corner Grocery for 26 years, and was the Foreman of Woods County District #2 for 20 years.  He retired in 1988.  
He was a member of the Freedom Christian Church.  He enjoyed working in his yard, taking bus tours and scenic drives, and spending time with his grandkids and great grandkids.  
Harold is survived by his wife, Vera, of Freedom, three sons, Rod Ferguson and wife, Lois, of Freedom, Hal Ferguson and wife, Laura, of Mooreland, and Mick Ferguson and wife, Debbie, of Freedom; two sisters, Imogene Cottman of Burleson, Texas, and Jo Sanders and husband, Vernon, of Goltry; one brother-in-law, Ronnie Culver and wife, Carlene; and three sisters-in-law, Ina Sylvester, Wanda Reed, and Faye Hope.  
Also surviving are ten grandchildren, Tyler Ferguson and wife, Christi, of Amarillo, Texas, Kendra Dillman of Lake Murray, Florida, Cortney Gainer and husband, Bobby, of Mooreland, Amber Graff of Rockwall, Texas, Chelsea White and husband, Kevin, of Edmond, Cody Ferguson of Mooreland, Stanley Irving of Freedom, Bradley Irving of Oklahoma City, Kara Hensley and husband, Kamron, of Mooreland, and Devin Ferguson and wife, Lindsey, of Alva; 14 great grandchildren, Samantha, Abbie, Travis, Kinzie, Alona, Nathan, Kyler, Kaden, Kobe, Desa, Micah, Austin, Alec, and Bratton; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom American Legion. 
			