Funeral services for Tony Goucher will be 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, January 26, 2010, at the Willow Road Christian Church in Enid, Oklahoma, with Reverend Carrell Still officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery at 2:00 p.m. under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Tony Joe Goucher, son of the late Loren "Pete? and Hazel (Fugier) Goucher was born January 23, 1955, at Alva, Oklahoma.  He departed this earthly life one day short of being 55 years old at St. Mary?s Hospital in Enid, Oklahoma, after a brief period of illness.  
Tony grew up on the family farm southwest of Alva, near Avard, Oklahoma. The family lived in Norman, Oklahoma, and Wichita, Kansas, for a period of time so Tony could attend school for handicapped children.  He later was home schooled and received his high school diploma from Waynoka High School in 1973.  He enjoyed earning many college credits during his adult life.  Tony went to school in Columbia, Missouri, and later moved to Ft. Worth, Texas, for a while before moving back to Enid and making that his permanent residence.  He lived in his own home independently for many years with his two Chinese Pug dogs.  Due to failing health this past summer, he had moved into The Living Center in Enid.  
Tony attended church with the family at the Avard Christian Church where he was baptized in 1967.  He had transferred his membership to the Willow Road Christian Church in Enid where he faithfully attended when his health permitted.  
On June 14, 2005, he was united in marriage to Peggy Sheets of Enid.  
One of Tony?s many accomplishments that he was so proud of was when he obtained his Amateur Radio License from the FCC.  He enjoyed attending the Enid Amateur Radio Club activities with his good friend, Bill Keck.  
Tony was a kind loving person and enjoyed his friends and family very much.  He always enjoyed being at the farm during wheat harvest or haying.  He was interested in everything that was going on at the farm and would have been a farmer himself if he had been physically able.  Tony enjoyed taking many trips while he was home with his parents.  He always looked forward to the big Goucher Thanksgiving family reunions.  He was always ready to pull a joke or prank on someone and especially enjoyed teasing his nephews.  
Tony was preceded in death by his parents.  
Tony is survived by his brother, Neil and wife, Mary Lou, of Alva; two nephews, Mike Goucher and Gary Goucher and wife, Vanessa, all of Alva.  He is also survived by four great nephews, Cody and Cyle Goucher of Shamrock, Oklahoma, Bailey Goucher of Alva, and C.J. Acton of Alva, one great niece, Jessica Goucher of Alva; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Willow Road Christian Church. 
			