Graveside service for Dixie Cleckner Ewbank will be 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, October 16, 2012, at Liberty Cemetery south of Waynoka with Reverend David Shaw officiating.  Service is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Dixie Lee Ewbank, daughter of the late Alva Orvil and Sarah Ann (Wright) Weaver, was born Nov. 9, 1915, in Amity, Mo. and passed away October 11, 2012, at Heritage Manor of Mooreland, at the age of 96 years, 11 months, and 2 days.  They moved to Oklahoma when she was 4 years old.  She attended Country Grade School and Waynoka High School.  
On December 15, 1933, she married Chester Cleckner.  After his death she attended Enid Business School.  Dixie worked at Integris Bass Baptist Health Center and St. Mary&amp;s Regional Medical Center in the administrative department.  After her retirement, Dixie married Ray Ewbank.  In 1983, she moved to Waynoka where she volunteered at the hopital and the library.  
She was a member of Waynoka First Baptist Church where she taught Sunday School and was W.M.U. Director.  She was also a member of the S.E.B. National Research Club.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death her husbands; her sister, Lela Sutherland; 1  grandson; and 3 great-grandsons.  
Dixie is survived by four daughters, Carlene Huffman of Waynoka, Rosa Lee Johnson and husband, Dean, of Waynoka, and Betty Litzell and Wanda Gordon, both of Enid; 10 grandchildren, Jackie Lewis and husband, Ron, of Enid, Terry Johnson of Medford, Earl Litzell and wife, Laura, of Claremore, La Deana Nelson and husband, Chuck, of Enid, JoDell Durkee and husband, Michael of Waynoka, Gregory Gordon and wife, Angie, of Waukomis, William Huffman of Waynoka, Tammy Ernst and husband, Tim, of Edmond, Glenn Litzell and wife, Charlotte, of Adair, and Raymond Huffman of Waynoka; 16 great grandchildren; 8 step great grandchildren; 7 great-great-grandchildren; and 7 step great-great- grandchildren.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Liberty Cemetery or charity of your choice.  
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			