Funeral services for Edwin Wesley Boham will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, March 3, 2007, at Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Dr. Greg Hook, pastor of the Alva First Baptist Church officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Edwin Wesley Boham, son of the late Rufus L. And Hulda Charlotte (Diedrich) Boham, was born April 3, 1923, southwest of Alva in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away February 27, 2007, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 83 years, 10 months, and 24 days.  
Edwin attended school at Midvalley, Capron, and Panama.  He served in the United States Navy during World War II.  On January 10, 1944, he was united in marriage to Martha Pearl Fisher in Alva.  He worked for the Alva Coop, effectively managing the Noel Elevator, until he retired at the age of 80.  
He was a member of the Baptist Church, and a former member of the Moose Lodge and the Elks Lodge.  He enjoyed sports and played on the Coop softball team.  He was an avid bowler who enjoyed tournaments and won many trophies.  He bowled until his health forced him to quit when he was 80.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his son, James Edwin Boham; two brothers, George Boham and Harold Boham; and one sister, Bertha Beagly.  
Edwin is survived by his daughter, Judy Kay Swafford and friend, Alfred Rentz of Oklahoma City; two sisters, Lucille Johnson of Alva and Ruth Sharp of Alva; four grandchildren, Cheri Gray and her fiance, Charles Amis, of Oklahoma City, Jennifer Vann and her husband, Michael, of Oklahoma City, Michael Boham of Wichita, and Matthew Kipling Boham of Enid; three great grandchildren, Kashan Proffitt of Oklahoma City, Michael James Edwin Vann of Oklahoma City and Micah Boham of Wichita; two sisters-in-law, Vera Boham and Arlene Boham both of Alva; several nieces and nephews; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home for funeral expenses or to Share Hospice. 
			