Funeral services for Mitzi Lou Frey, formerly of Carmen, Oklahoma, will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, February 26, 2010, at the Wentworth Chapel in Carmen with Rev. Scott Heisel officiating.  Interment will be in the Pleasant Ridge Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.  
Mitzi Lou (Woods) Frey, daughter of the late James George and Lela Mae (Evans) Woods, was born May 2, 1935, at her grandparents home in Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away February 22, 2010, at Cordell, Oklahoma, at the age of 74 years, 9 months, and 20 days.  
Mitzi attended Horace Mann Grade School and graduated from Alva High School with the class of 1953.  On December 12, 1952,  she was united in marriage to George Junior Frey at Waukomis, Oklahoma. To this union three children were born: Suzan, Cindy, and Scotty.   
Mitzi and George spent the majority of their years together at Carmen. She was a longtime member of the United Methodist Church in Carmen transferring her membership to Fairview in her later years. Mitzi enjoyed gardening and had her own green house, embroidery, and cooking. Most of all she loved her family and after moving to the Cordell Christian Home in 1999 she considered the loving people there her family also.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, George; one brother Robert Woods; and an infant sister.  
Mitzi is survived by one son, Scotty George Frey of Elk City, Oklahoma; two daughters, Suzan McCarthy and husband, Frank, of Medicine Lodge, Kansas, and Cindy Wieden and husband, Royce, of Fairview, Oklahoma; two brothers, Kenneth Woods of Alva, Oklahoma, and Jerry Woods and wife, Teresa, of Kaw City, Oklahoma.  
Also surviving are six grandchildren, Christopher Parker of Cherokee, Oklahoma, Catherann Vest and husband, Mike, of Cherokee, Oklahoma, Clinton Wieden of Stillwater, Oklahoma, Caitlin Wieden of Fairview, Oklahoma, Heidi Patton and husband, Brandon, of Oklahoma City, and George Thomas Frey and wife, Emily, of Elk City, Oklahoma; six great grandchildren; one sister-in-law Cordelia Anthony and husband, Bud, of Aline; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cordell Christian Home Alzheimer?s Unit or the Carmen Park Fund. 
			