Mary Jean Springer, daughter of the late William David and Beaulah Bee (Scott) Slack, was born January 30, 1931 in the family home in Carmen, Oklahoma, and departed this life November 10th, 2009, at Enid, Oklahoma,  with loving family members by her side.  
Mary Jean was a life long resident of Carmen, graduating from Carmen High School as Valedictorian in 1949.  Mary Jean was united in marriage to the love of her life, Jack Dean Springer, on October 16, 1949, moving to the family farm east of Carmen.  "Pete?, as she was affectionately known, became a good farm wife who grew to love the peace and tranquility of the country.  
Blessed with four children, Vicky, Kirk, Janet and Kelly, she was a busy mother, involved in their many activities and life on the farm.  Always encouraging and supportive, she indulged her children by allowing them to bring any animal they could catch and carry home to live on the farm, resulting in a "wild? menagerie at times.  
She worked as a secretary at the Helena School for Boys in Helena, Oklahoma, and the Department of Corrections at James Crabtree Correctional Center, from which she retired in 1984.    
Mary Jean and Jack enjoyed traveling to the Oregon coast, where many hours were spent beach combing, rock hunting and watching the breakers crash upon the shore.  
Her pleasures in life were simple, whether it be a good book and cup of tea, a New York times crossword puzzle, reading poetry or staying abreast of world news and events.  After Jack?s death in 1999 she remained on the farm until failing health made it necessary to move to Greenbrier Village in Enid in 2008.    
She is survived by her children, Vicky Olson of Bixby, Oklahoma, Kirk Springer of Lawton, Oklahoma, Kelly and Cindy Springer of Okeene, Oklahoma and Janet and Greg Sheik of Carmen, Oklahoma; grandchildren, Justin Olson, Matt Olson, Melissa Smith, Jason Smith, Scott Collier and fianc?, Angie Heartsill, Cindy Burdg, Cody and Jessica Sheik, Cara and Nick Bradt, and great-grandson, Noah Olson.   
She is also survived by her sister, Betty Fidler and brother-in-law, Bill, of Wichita, Kansas; her brother, John D. Slack and sister-in-law, Jackie, of Arlington, Texas; brother Richard Belknap and wife, Kenny, of Plainview, Virginia; and many nieces, nephews and cousins.    
For those who wish, in lieu of flowers, memorials may be made through the funeral home to the Carmen Christian Church, Carmen First Responders or St. Jude?s Childrens? Hospital.  
The family wishes to thank Dr. Richard Rivers of Enid, for his excellent care for many years, as well as the nursing staffs of St. Mary?s Hospital in Enid, the Okeene Hospital in Okeene, and Circle of Love Hospice in Enid.   A special thank you is also given to Steve Hackett and the staff at Greenbrier Village in Enid for their kindness, care and compassion. 
			