Funeral services for Allan Cunningham will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, April, 18, 2013, at the First Baptist Church of Waynoka with Rev. David Shaw and  Gene Goeben officiating .  Interment is at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka.  	    
Allan Leroy Cunningham, son of the late Franklin Wayne and Emmie Mary May (Taylor) Cunningham, was born March 21, 1944, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away April 14, 2013, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 69 years and 23 days.  	    
Allan attended school in Waynoka. He served two years with the United States Army in Viet Nam. On February 24, 1969, he was united in marriage to Barbara McCray at Cherokee. To this union five children were born: Esther, Troy, Tommy, Trenton, and Todd.  He was a boilermaker and they made their home in Waynoka and then North Dakota. After retiring they  settled in rural Waynoka.  	    
The Lord was the true love of Allan’s life followed by his wife, Barbara, his children and grandchildren. Allan never met a stranger and he shared the love of his Lord with everyone he talked to and finished every conversation with a very heartfelt “God bless you”. He also loved to dance and ride horses as well as fishing and hunting. While living in North Dakota he made several trips back to Waynoka to hunt rattlesnakes.  	    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by an infant daughter, Esther; two brothers, Lawrence and Frankie Cunningham; and five sisters, Florine Cunningham, Maxine Cell, Leona Brown, Cordelia Bradford, and Betty Durkee and husband, George; and a brother-in-law and wife, Alvin and Joyce McCray.  	    
Allan is survived by his wife, Barbara, of rural Waynoka; four sons, Troy Cunningham and wife, Jennifer, of Taloga, Tommy Cunningham and wife, Pam, of Enid, Trenton Cunningham and wife, Becci, of Mandan, North Dakota, and Todd Cunningham and wife, McKenzi, of rural Waynoka; adopted children, Rick Getzlaff and family of Mandan, North Dakota, and Laura Winkelbauer and family of Hebron, North Dakota; one brother, Ivan Cunningham and wife, Janie, of Waynoka, one sister, Dorine Bowker and husband, Chuck, of Beaver.  	    
Also surviving are eighteen grandchildren, Tiffani Lankford and husband, Dusty, of Hobart, Brittani Cunningham of St. Louis, Missouri, Hunter Cunningham of Taloga, Aliciana, Angelinna, and Austin Cunningham, all of Enid, Josh, Anna, and Robert Bracken, all of Enid, Symantha, Everett, and Roselee Cunningham, all of Mandan, North Dakota, Taylor Cunningham of Pennsylvania, Daisy, Heather, and Angelica Cunningham, all of rural Waynoka, and Skylar and Jamaica Terrill, both of Hebron, North Dakota; one great grandchild, Linkoln Michael Lankford; in-laws, Alroy Schoenberg and wife, Linda, of Garrison, North Dakota, and Carl McCray and wife, Patty, of Blue Springs, Missouri; many nieces and nephews; other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made to the funeral home. 
			