Mass of Christian Burial for Arcelia Sabedra will be 11:00 a.m. Wednesday, December 7, 2011, at Our Mother of Mercy Church in Waynoka with Father James Wickersham serving as the Celebrant.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Arcelia Sabedra, daughter of the late Jose M. and Rafaela Flores (Almaraz) Ramirez, was born March 25, 1936, in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, and passed away December 1, 2011, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 75 years, 8 months, and 7 days.  
Arcelia graduated from high school in San Pancho, GTO, Mexico.  She then continued her education in culinary arts and fashion design.  In August, 1953, she was united in marriage to Pete Tony Sabedra in San Pancho, GTO, Mexico.  In November they moved to Waynoka where she lived the rest of her life.  She owned and operated Pepe?s Restaurant in Waynoka for 17 years.   
She was a member of Our Mother of Mercy Church and the Altar Society.  She enjoyed spoiling her grandchildren, and gardening, but her passion was cooking.  She also liked to sew and made many Barbie outfits for her girls and grandchildren.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by one brother, Jose Luis Ramirez; and two sisters, Lucita Ramirez and Gloria Lopez-S&nbsp;inz.  
Arcelia is survived by her husband, Pete; one son, Dr. Miguel Rey Sabedra and wife, Debbie, of Duncan; four daughters, Laura Fisher and husband, Greg, of Wichita, S. Rachael Sabedra of Perry, Suzanne Yousefzadeh and husband, Habib, of Oklahoma City, and Angela Maria Sabedra and fianc?, Tim Stephens, of Enid; one chosen son, Robert Clapper of Wichita; three brothers, Ernesto Ramirez of Cancun, Mexico, Carlos Ramirez of San Pancho, and Jorge Arturo Ramirez of San Pancho; one sister, Berta Lopez-S&nbsp;inz of Guadalajara; one son-in-law, Mark Durham;18 grandchildren; 13 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Our Mother of Mercy Church. 
			