Funeral services for Jaunita Rose Passwaters will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, March 30, 2009, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. William S. Kalfas, pastor of the Alva Church of the Nazarene, officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Jaunita Rose Passwaters, daughter of the late Tully and Mary Irene (Reihm) Hall, was born August 17, 1918, near Medford, Oklahoma, and passed away March 27, 2009, at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 90 years, 7 months, and 10 days.  
Jaunita attended rural school near Galena, then Northwestern Normal School in Alva. She then graduated from Enid Beauty School. On May 14, 1939, she was united in marriage to Ray Thomas Passwaters at her parents home. They lived in Waynoka where she worked as a beautician and a waitress, worked for Doc Wright, and then worked as a Nurse?s Aide until her retirement.  
Her love for the Lord led her to become a faithful member of the Waynoka Church of God. She was also a member of the Rebekah Lodge. She enjoyed sewing, crafts, and spending time with family and friends.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Ray; one son, Leonard Passwater; one grandson, Joel Bixler; five brothers, Lewis, Elmer, Robert, Leonard, and Albert Hall; and one sister, Irene Dean.  
Jaunita is survived by her daughter, Mary Alice Arndt and husband, Willie, of Waynoka; four grandchildren, Jaunita Seevers and fianc?, Greg Noble, of Alva, Leonard Passwater, Jr. of Phoenix, Arizona, Mark Passwater of Ingersol, and Cyndi James of Ingersol; daughter-in-law, Carolyn Passwater of Ingersol; eight great grandchildren, Brandon Cook and Justin Cook both of Alva, Alicia Pe¤a and husband, Adam, of Woodward, Lindsay Fry and husband, Adam, of Dallas, Texas, Caleb Bixler  and Sean Bixler both of Woodward, and Jarrett James and Ruston James both of Ingersol ; numerous great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Waynoka Church of God. 
			