Funeral services for Vera Morris will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, August 20, 2011, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Vera Mae Morris, daughter of the late James Harold and Lottie Mae (Gordon) Cattin, was born April 14, 1926, and passed away August 16, 2011, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 4 months, and two days.  
Vera attended school in Canadian, Texas, and Waynoka.  On November 29, 1944, she was united in marriage to Aaron Morris at Columbia, South Carolina.  They lived on the farm northeast of Waynoka where they farmed and ranched for 46 years.  After Aaron?s death in 1991, she moved to Waynoka.  Then in 2003, she moved to Countyline to live with her son, James and his wife, Dottie.  
She was an active member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church where she taught Sunday School for young children for many years.  She enjoyed cooking and enjoyed teaching her daughters and Dottie how to cook and sew.  She also enjoyed crocheting, embroidering, and quilting.  She made lots of clothes for her grandchildren.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by her stepfather, Walter E. Gamble; two brothers, James L. Cattin, and Walter E. Gamble; and two sisters, Adda Lou Gamble and Betty Wade.  
Vera is survived by five children, James Morris and wife, Dottie, of Waynoka, Karen Bay and husband, Gary, of Woodward, Twilla Smith of Shawnee, Lucy Marshall of Mooreland, and Una Jones and husband, Johnny of Ghent, Kentucky; one sister, Mary Beth Ellis of Hayesville, Kansas; two brothers, Paul Gamble and wife, Ellen, of Blackwell, and Bill Gordon and wife, Barbara of Tulsa; and one stepbrother, Bud Cattin of Augusta, Kansas.  
She is also survived by thirteen grandchildren, Rebecca Robison and husband, Mark, Justin Bay and wife, Dana, Nathan Bay and wife, Jenny, Paula Petree and husband, Gregg, Pamela Reynolds and husband, John, Phillip Smith, Linda Marshall, Opal Marshall, Nancy Willmeth, Michael Jones and wife, Bobbie Jean, Aaron Jones and wife, Amy, and Lora Rodriguez and husband, Arturo; seven great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First Baptist Church, the Waynoka EMTs or Share Hospice. 
			