ELLA "ELLIE" LORRAINE (NUTTER) WAGGONER  Funeral services for Ella "Ellie" Lorraine (Nutter) Waggoner will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, March 21, 2014, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating. Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  Ella "Ellie" Lorraine (Nutter) Waggoner, daughter of Ruth (Golbek) Nutter and the late Gerald "Pete" Nutter, was born November 13, 1974, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and passed away March 15, 2014, at her home in Tulsa, Oklahoma, at the age of 39 years, 4 months, and 2 days.  Ellie attended school in Waynoka, graduating with the Class of 1993. She was active in FHA, FCA, and Pep Club. She then attended two years in the Health Occupations Service Association class at Northwest Technology Center at Alva. Growing up on a farm north of Waynoka, she enjoyed playing with her cousins, swimming, riding her three wheeler, and playing with her cats. In high school, she loved cruising with her friends and slumber parties.  On June 6, 1997, she was united in marriage to Zora Waggoner. To this union one son was born, Taylor Edward Waggoner. Until she moved to Tulsa in 2002, she worked as a Nurse Aide at Waynoka Nursing Home, Share Convalescent Center in Alva, and Northwest Treatment Center in Waynoka.  She met the soul mate of her life, Lenny Smith, in the summer of 2002. To this union two sons were born, Payton Smith and Connor Smith. Ellie loved and valued her family. She enjoyed being part of a big, loving family and all the activity that came with it. When she met Lenny and became part of another big family, she felt right at home. She often commented how much the family she grew up in and her "new" family were alike. The last twelve years of her life were spent enjoying both her families.  She was a member of Morning Star Baptist Church and attended regularly as a girl. That is where she also came to know Jesus as her Lord and Savior and was baptized.  Besides her father, she was preceded in death by one baby sister, Cindy Nutter.  Ella is survived by three sons, Taylor Waggoner of Waynoka, Payton Smith, and Conner Smith of Tulsa, her soul mate, Lenny Smith of Tulsa; her mother, Ruth Nutter of Alva; three sisters, Cathy Hummel and husband, Sam, of Waynoka, Karen Watson of Waynoka, and Sharon Inman and husband, James, of Waynoka; other relatives and friends.  Memorial contributions may be made to the funeral home to help with funeral expenses.  Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com.  &nbsp;  &nbsp; 
			