Funeral services for Rosa Lee Johnson will be 10:00 a.m., Thursday, August 21, 2014, at the Elm and Murrow Church of Christ in Waynoka with Bill David Walker and Ray Hull officiating. Interment will follow in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  	    
Rosa Lee Johnson, daughter of the late Chester Earl and Dixie Lee (Weaver) Cleckner was born November 27, 1938, at Belva, Oklahoma, and passed away August 18, 2014, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 75 years, 8 months, and 22 days.  	    
Rosa Lee started her schooling at the Prairie Gem Schoolhouse and later attended Waynoka Public Schools where she also played basketball. She graduated from Waynoka High School in 1956 . On June 1, 1956, she married her childhood sweetheart, Wilbur Dean Johnson.  	    
In 1966, they moved to Alva for 18 years. While living in Alva, Rosa Lee was a member of the College Hill Church of Christ, where she saw the Bible Chair start and grow. Serving the Lord was her gift and she showed it by teaching Sunday school, working as the church secretary, preparing and serving in both the church and Bible Chair kitchens. Rosa Lee was the bookkeeper for their family trucking business while she stayed home to raise their children. Later, she went to work for Shallop’s Packing Company in Alva as their bookkeeper.  	    
In 1984, Dean and Rosa Lee returned to Waynoka where they resumed farming and ranching. She loved to drive the tractor and see God’s creations. In Waynoka, she was a member of the Elm and Murrow Church of Christ where she continued serving the Lord where she was needed. Genealogy, a hobby, eventually grew into Rosa Lee joining the Daughters of the American Revolution. She held both local and state offices during her membership. Rosa Lee served on committees that planned and constructed the bicentennial walls at both Alva and Waynoka. She also seved as the secretary for the Liberty Cemetery located south of Waynoka.  	    
Some of her many interests included RV traveling with Dean, cooking for her family, teaching her granddaughter to bake/cook and embroidery, acrylic painting, sewing and quilting.  	    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by a grandson, Ethan Dean Nelson; and four brothers in law, Jack Litzell, Jack Huffman, Keith Gordon, and Gene Johnson.  	    
Surviving family members are: her husband, Dean Johnson of the home, son, Terry Johnson of Medford, daughter, LaDeana Nelson and husband, Chuck, of Enid; grandsons, Wesley Nelson and wife, Lacy, of Enid, and Duncan Nelson of Pawnee; granddaughter, Deedra Lee Nelson of Enid; three sisters, Carlene Huffman of Waynoka, Betty Litzell and Wanda Gordon, both of Enid; sisters in law, Mary Lou (Johnson) Goucher and husband, Neil, of Waynoka and Jeanie (Johnson) McDonald of Alva; other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the College Hill Church of Christ Bible Chair.  	    
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			