Funeral services for James LeRoy Secrest will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, October 6, 2011, at the Northside Church of Christ with Gene Goben officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
James LeRoy Secrest, son of Lige and Gladys Marie (Fleming) Secrest, was born August 7, 1923 in Rosston, Oklahoma, and passed away October 3, 2011 at Waynoka, Oklahoma at the age of 88 years 1 month, and 26 days.  
James attended grade school and high school at Rosston, Oklahoma. He also attended Salt City Business College at Hutchinson, Kansas.  He entered the Armed Services on January 4, 1943 and served in Normandy, Rhineland, Ardennes, Northern France and Central Europe under General George S. Patton, Commander General of the 3rd Army during which time he earned the Silver Star.  He was honorably discharged at Camp Chaffee, Arkansas on November 29, 1945.   
James and Thelma Mae Foote were united in marriage on April 16, 1946 at Ashland, Kansas.  They made their home in Rosston and Laverne, Oklahoma for a time before moving to Hutchinson, Kansas where Jim attended Salt City Business College and worked for Cessna Aircraft Company.  He started work for the A.T.&amp; S.F. Railroad in June 1950 at Hutchinson.  He was a Track Welder.  He and his family traveled on the railroads Northern District, which included Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado and New Mexico, until moving to Waynoka.  He worked in Waynoka until retiring August 7, 1984, after 34 years of service.  
Upon their retirement Jim and Thelma moved to Kimberling City, Missouri where they worked at Silver Dollar City for four years, moving back to Waynoka in 1989.  
Jim was a member of the Northside Church of Christ in Waynoka.  He served as a Deacon and then as an Elder and had been the church treasurer since the congregation began.    
Jim and Thelma celebrated 65 years of marriage on April 16, 2011.  
Jim loved the Lord and his family and friends at church.  He looked forward to spending eternity with them.  He also loved his physical family and since he was an only child he considered it great joy to spend time with his large family.  
Preceding him in death were his daughter Gayle, and daughter-in-law Jo,  
Jim is survived by, his wife Thelma, four children, Jimmie of Ardmore, Bill and wife Debbie of Seiling, Dan and wife Kelly of Westminster, Colorado, Larry and wife Jill of Stillwater, and son-in-law Bob Sutherland of Waynoka, 14 grandchildren, 17 great grandchildren, other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made to the Northside Church of Christ Mission Fund, or the Local EMS Chapter.	. 
			