Funeral services for Wilma Alice Quarles will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, July 12, 2010, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
The family will be at 1565 High Street in Waynoka.  
Wilma Alice Quarles, daughter of the late John Wesley and Fonda Alice (Crist) Roach, was born June 12, 1926, at Lovers Leap, West Virginia, and passed away July 5, 2010, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 84 years and 23 days.  
Wilma attended the Leewood Junior High and graduated from East Bank High School in West Virginia.  During World War II, she worked at Goodyear Aircraft in Ohio where she met and married Waldo Quarles.  To this union three children were born, Johnny, Sherry, and Billy.  
Wilma worked at Levines for 20 years as a clerk and manager.  On November 17, 1962, she was united in marriage to Garland Eugene Quarles, at Grants, New Mexico.  She worked at Goodyear Tire and Rubber for 6 years.  After their retirement in 1984, she moved to Waynoka.  
She was a member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church and also attended the Waynoka Church of God.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by two sons, Johnny Quarles and Billy Lee Quarles; and one sister, Mary Lois Roach.  
Wilma is survived by her husband, Garland, of Waynoka; one daughter, Sherry Belleau and husband, Bill, of Hill City, Kansas; eleven grandchildren, Fred Slater and wife, Lanna, of Fairview, Oklahoma, Clay Martin and wife, Tessa, of Stillwater, Stacee Roberts and husband, Darrell, of Korea, Garalyn Bruner and husband, Yusef, of Carrollton, Texas, John Quarles of Enid, Nikki Quarles of Enid, Dusty Quarles ofEl Reno, and Katy Quarles of Enid; Amy Cole and fianc?, Richard Garcia, of Socorro, New Mexico, Sara Quarles and fianc?, Karson Curttright, of Enid, and Maleah Sternberg of Mcloud; 14 great grandchildren, Cody Slater, Hunter Slater, Brack Slater, Braylee Turner, Garrick Martin, Ryker Martin, Jalen Slater, Airyana Bruner, Jaxon Tabor, Andrea McMurray, Sydney Quarles, Tyler, Chance and Dylan Cole; one daughter-in-law, Wendy Quarles, of Enid; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Convalescent Center Activity Fund. 
			