Memorial Services for Gertrude Marie Canaan will be 10:00 a.m, Friday, October 29, 2010 at the Zion Lutheran Church, Alva, Oklahoma.  Arrangements  are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  
Gertrude Marie Canaan, daughter of Auguste (Engelken) and Theodore Lohmann, was born October 11, 1927 at Alva, Oklahoma.  She passed away October 21, 2010 at the age of 83 years, 10 days.  
She was baptized October 23, 1927 and confirmed March 17, 1940 in the Lutheran Church in Alva.  She attended the Lutheran Grade School and Horace Mann High School in Alva, graduating with the Class of 1944.  In July of 1944 she started working for Southwestern Bell Telephone, retiring in 1982 after 38 years of service.  
On August 12, 1949 she was married to Billy Joe Canaan at the Lutheran Parsonage in Alva, Oklahoma.    
She was a member of the Zion Lutheran Church, LWML, and Ruth Circle.   
She was preceded in death by her husband, Billy Joe Canaan on March 19, 2001,  her parents, Theodore and Auguste Lohmann, and a sister Velma Nordyke.  
Gertrude is survived by two daughters, Vicki and her husband Mike Sandefur, Garland, Texas and Jan and Jason Endicott, Ashland, Kansas; six grandchildren, Ryan Sandefur, his wife Emily of Munich, Germany, Erin McEvilly, her husband Greg of Rowlett, Texas, Justin Sandefur, his wife, Lindsey of Austin, Texas, Canaan Endicott, Jackalyn Endicott and Andrew Endicott, all of Ashland, Kansas, three sisters, Margaret Larison of Houston Texas, Dorothy Anderson of Elk City, Oklahoma, Bernice Tyree and Charles Bird, both of Alva, Oklahoma, two brothers, Harold Lohmann of Alva, Oklahoma , and Robert Lohmann and Delores Price, both of Enid, Oklahoma, three brothers-in-law, Melvin Canaan of Blackwell, Oklahoma, Orville Canaan and wife, Kay, of Derby, Kansas, Don Canaan and wife, Lorna, of Alva, Oklahoma, two sisters-in-law, Beverly Cushman and husband, Gary, of Enid, Oklahoma, and Dorothy Aker and husband, Budd, of Albuquerque, New Mexico; a number of nieces and nephews; other relatives and friends.    
Memorials may be made through the funeral home to Zion Lutheran Church in Alva Oklahoma or Young Life Ministries. 
			