Funeral services for Verna Berneice Tucker will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, November 20, 2013, at the Kiowa Methodist Church with Pastor Keith Fink officiating.  Interment will be in the Kiowa Riverview Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Verna Berneice Tucker, daughter of the late Vernon Cecil and Dot Marie (McKitrick) Merryman, was born February 11, 1923, at home on 7th Street in Kiowa, Kansas, and entered into heaven November 16, 2013, at Kiowa District Hospital Manor, at the age of 90 years, 9 months, and 5 days.    
Verna graduated from Kiowa High School with the Class of 1941.  After graduation she worked in the office at Kiowa High School before moving to Wichita and working in the secretarial pool at Boeing.    
Cecil Ivan Tucker, Jr. and Verna were united in marriage on April 16, 1944, at the home of her parents in Kiowa.  They resided in several different farmhouses south of Kiowa and rental properties in Kiowa before building their home in 1962.  Verna was a housewife and a partner in Tucker businesses.    
She was a member of the Kiowa United Methodist Church.  She enjoyed playing in numerous card clubs, her membership in several garden clubs, singing in quartets, and teaching Kindergarten Sunday School.  Her hobbies included painting, knitting, crocheting, needle work, traveling, reading, and doing crosswords.  She always looked forward to hosting family holiday meals, playing with her grandchildren, and later on her great grandchildren.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her in-laws, Cecil and Edna Tucker, Sr.; her brothers, Vernon Leroy (Genieve) and John Merryman; her sisters, Liberty Bell (Francis) Gardner and Bessie Merryman; her son-in-law, Bruce Bryan; and her brother-in-law, Dale Tucker.    
Verna is survived by her husband, Cecil Tucker, Jr. Of Kiowa; her sisters-in-law, Marie Tucker of Kiowa and Betty Merryman of Topeka; her daughter, Cynthia Bryan of Kiowa; her son, Mark Tucker and wife, Karen, of Burlington; her grandchildren, Lacey Schofield and husband, David, of Ellinwood, Barbara Baird and husband, Alan of Pflugerville, Texas, Jeff Bryan and wife, Aimee, of Springdale, Arkansas; 11 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.    
Memorials may be made through the funeral home to Southwind Hospice, Kiowa District Hospital Manor, or Kiowa Public Library. 
			