Funeral services for Alice Angeline "Angie? Pollock will be 11:00 a.m. Wednesday, March 3, 2010, at the Alva Wesleyan Church with Rev. John Smith and Rev. Gary Easton officiating.  Interment will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday in the Rose Hill Cemetery near Hazelton, Kansas under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Alice Angeline "Angie? Pollock, daughter of the late Thomas Abraham and Alice Dorothea (Fox) Wells, was born May 7, 1941, at Salina, Oklahoma, and passed away February 25, 2010, at Oklahoma City at the age of 68 years, 9 months, and 18 days.  
Angie, also known as "Mrs. C? by those who knew her, attended school in Kiowa, Kansas.  She was united in marriage to Jimmy L. Pollock at Kiowa.  She was a hard worker all of her life, custom harvesting, operating a restaurant at the Kiowa Sale Barn, working in the meat department at Kiowa IGA, working at Essentials and the Pawn Shop in Alva, and helping Truman run the Beaver Express freight business for many years.  
She attended the Alva Wesleyan Church.  She enjoyed country dancing, crocheting, playing the organ, and gardening and canning.  She enjoyed spending time with her family and went to Montana to visit her daughter, Sherri, and her family as often as she could.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Jimmy L. Pollock; one son, Jerrald Earl Peevy, Jr.; and one infant brother, Billy Mike Wells.  
Angie is survived by her daughter, Sherri Hamilton and husband, Mark, of Corvallis, Montana; her companion of 15 years, Truman Cookson of Alva; two brothers, Jim Wells and wife, Sue, of Ponca City and Stephen Wells and wife, Marilyn, of Atlanta, Georgia; four sisters, Doris Turner of Salina,  Salley Ruskoski of Tulsa, Tommie Jo Hyde of Kiowa, Kansas, and Donna Erikson and husband, Leon, of Alva.  
Also surviving are two grandsons, Shannon Lynn Keigley of Salina, and Jeremy Leigh Keigley of Corvallis, Montana; six great grandchildren, Brandon, Kaleb, Joshua, Kayla, Keylie, and Kanaan; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Heart Research. 
			