Funeral services for Ruby Faye Stewart of Carmen, Oklahoma, will be held at 2:00 p.m., Thursday, December 18, 2008, at the Green Valley Free Methodist Church with Rev. John Bizzell and Rev. Dave Keller officiating.  Burial will follow in the Carmen City Cemetery.  Arrangements are under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC of Carmen. 	 Ruby Faye (Dilley) Stewart was born May 25, 1914, 2 miles south of the Green Valley Church on the family homestead in Woods County, Oklahoma, to David Edwin and Faye Belle (Hansen) Dilley and died December 13, 2008, at St. Mary?s Hospital, Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 94 years, 6 months, and 18 days. 	 She attended Cedar Country School before attending 1 year at Carmen and later graduating from Horace Mann High School at Alva.  Ruby was united in marriage to James Terrel Stewart on June 28, 1933 at Alva.  To this union three daughters were born: Audrey, Betty and Nelletta.  She and Jimmy made their home in the Carmen area and owned and operated the Greensburg Station for 24 years.  Ruby was a member of the Green Valley Church for 89 years. 	 Ruby enjoyed embroidering quilts, tea towels, and pillow cases and decided to quit when she turned 90.  She won a 1st place prize on one of her embroidered quilts at a local quilt show. She was the oldest living person in Carmen at the time of her death.  She had a motorcycle ride when she turned  ninety and again when she had her 94th birthday.  She wanted to make her first airplane ride on her 100th birthday.  Ruby loved to play Skip Bo with her friends and Mexican dominoes with her family. 	 Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by her brother, Stanley Dilley and her sister, Thelma Burris. 	 Ruby is survived by three daughters, Audrey Crawford of Carmen, Betty Reneau and husband, Earl "Shorty", of Medicine Lodge, Kansas, and Nelletta Johnson and husband, Wesley, of Carmen.  Also surviving are eight grandchildren, James McNally and wife, Victoria, of Oklahoma City, Charles Jaynes and wife, Pamela, of Anna, Texas, Kenneth McNally and wife, Ruth, of Los Bonos, Phillipines, Tammy Ricke and husband, John, of Mulvane, Kansas, Alicia Harbaugh and husband, Scott, of Pretty Prairie, Kansas, Monte Reneau and wife, Julie, of Hutchinson, Kansas, Jill Wheatley and husband, Tim, of Perkins, Oklahoma, and Jeanie Simpson and husband, Chris, of Shawnee, Oklahoma; 22 great grandchildren; 7 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.	  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Green Valley Free Methodist Church. 
			