Funeral services for Bessie Juanita Trammell will be 2:00 p.m. Sunday, October 19, 2014, at the Freedom Methodist Church with Rev. Scott Ware officiating. Interment will be in Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  	    
Juanita Trammell was born April 12, 1922, in Chouteau, Oklahoma to Robert Samuel and Ina (Williams) Young.	She grew up and attended schools in Idabel, Hayworth, and Freedom, Oklahoma.  On April 12, 1941, she was married to Charles Lee Trammell in Buffalo, Oklahoma.  During their life together, Juanita was a faithful and loving wife.  In April of 1959, they welcomed their daughter, Mardeana Lea.  	    
Juanita was baptized in the Presbyterian Church and attended the Nazarene and Methodist Churches in Freedom.  	    
As a homemaker, she loved gardening, and enjoyed canning her fruits, vegetables, and making Sand Plum jelly.  She was also an accomplished seamstress, creating quilts and clothing.  When not at the sewing machine, she would use her crocheting skills on beautiful afghan blankets.  Her talents also appeared in the kitchen, baking and decorating cakes for many special occasions.  Her kitchen prowess was developed by her feeding several hired hands each day at the family farm.  	    
After her husband’s death in 1985, she ventured outside the home to help elderly people in the community and sold Fuller Brush Products.  But her real love was taking care of children.  She especially enjoyed her childcare duties with Cooper and Rebecca Eden, Jay Lohman, and Taylor Turner Skoby, watching them grow from small children to young adults.  	    
Just as she thought she was out of the kid business, she learned Mardeana would bless her with a grandchild.  In June, 2000, her granddaughter, Lee Erin, was born and captivated her heart and put a perpetual twinkle in her eyes.  	    
She continued to live on the farm near Freedom until 2007, when failing health required her to move to Guthrie, where she spent her final days at Willow Creek Health Care facility.  It was there she went home to meet the Lord on Wednesday, October 15.   	    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Charles Lee; one brother, Edward Young, of Idabel.  	    
Juanita is survived by her daughter, Mardeana Davis and husband, Kenny of Edmond; granddaughter, Lee, of Edmond; and sister Marjorie Goins of Edmond; several nieces and nephews; and a host of friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Freedom Ambulance or the Freedom Methodist Church. 
			