 Funeral services for Esther Elnora Redgate will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, April 21, 2014, at the Waynoka School Multipurpose Building with Rodney Guy officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  Esther Elnora Redgate, daughter of the late Claude Edward and Rella Olivia (Nauerth) Guyer, was born January 22, 1923, on the farm near Waynoka, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away April 17, 2014, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 91 years, 2 months, and 24 days.  Esther graduated from Waynoka High School with the Class of 1941, then attended business college in Wichita. On July 3, 1943, she was united in marriage to Gerald Lloyd Redgate at Alva, Oklahoma. She worked as a Medical Records Librarian for E.P. Clapper Hospital and Share Medical Center. She was also the Assistant Hospital Administrator at E. P. Clapper Hospital. She then worked at Ampride until she retired in 1983. After living all of her life in Waynoka, she moved to Edmond in 2009 to be near her family.  She was a very active member of the Northside Church of Christ and the Memorial Road Church of Christ. She was also a member of the SEB Club, the Red Hat Society, Friends of the Library, and one of the founding members of the Waynoka Historical Society. She was very community oriented and helped in many church and local activities.  Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Gerald; and an infant son Eddie Allen Redgate.  Esther is survived by two daughters, Sue Kelso and husband, Mike, of Kingwood, Texas, and Kay Elder and husband, Richard, of Edmond, Oklahoma; one brother, Charles Guyer and wife, Coleen, of Amarillo, Texas; two sisters, Allez Jamison of Waynoka and Jean Barker of Waynoka.  Also surviving are four grandchildren, Melinda Koteras and husband, Bruce, of Bartlesville, Marilee Hamby and husband, Clayton, of Houston, Matthew Kelso and wife, Lora, of Pfluggerville, Texas, and Elisha Elder of Weatherford; four great grandchildren, Kadence and Cami Koteras and Levi and Cole Kelso; other relatives and many friends.  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Nursing School Building Fund at Oklahoma Christian University. 
			