Funeral services for Virginia Juanita "Virgie? Ross will be 11:00 a.m. Friday, February 12, 2010, at the Alva Church of God with Pastor Bob Brown officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Virginia Juanita "Virgie? Ross, daughter of the late Charles W. and Alma Gertrude (Bay) Haltom, was born December 22, 1924, at Alva, Oklahoma, and went to be with the Lord on February 8, 2010, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 1 month and 17 days.  
Virgie attended the Lone Star 73 Grade School and graduated from Waynoka High School in 1943.  She and Loyd Perry Ross were married at Alva, Oklahoma on November 15, 1943, while he was home on leave from the Army.  They lived most of their married lives 6 miles southwest of Dacoma on the family farm.  After Loyd preceded her in death on October 22, 2000, Virgie moved to Alva to live her remaining days.  
Virgie held several jobs during her many years including working during World War II at Boeing in Wichita, Kansas as a rivet inspector.  She also worked as an operator for the Dacoma Telephone Company, Whittet?s Grocery in Dacoma, and then worked 28 years at Hopeton State Bank, retiring in April, 1992.  
Virgie loved to cook for her grandchildren and family when she lived on the farm.  She also enjoyed working in the yard and fields as well as crocheting and sewing.  She attended the Alva Church of God.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by three brothers, Milo, Wendell, and Clarence, and five sisters, Millie Harmon, Clara Todd, Vera Barker, Alta Detwiller, and Florence Pearson.  
Virgie is survived by her two sons, Dale Ross and wife, Sharon, of Dacoma, and Terry L. Ross of Alva; five grandchildren, Justin Ross and wife, Karen, of Tulsa, Joey Ross and wife, Jenny of Tulsa, Jayme Ross of Oklahoma City, Joni Ross of Alva, and Jennifer Winfrey and husband, Weston of Plains, Kansas; four great grandchildren, Nora, Luke, Mary Kate, and Hudson Ross; two sisters-in-law, Leola Haltom of Alva, and Verda Haltom of Vinita; other relatives and many friends.  
The family asks that in lieu of flowers that contributions be made to the Alva Church of God or the Alzheimer?s Foundation with Marshall Funeral Home serving as custodian of the funds. 
			