Funeral services for Pauline Mildred (Grove) Barrows will be at 11:00 a.m., Saturday, February 26, 2011, at the Aline United Methodist Church.  Interment will be in the Aline Star Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC of Carmen.  
The family will receive friends at the Aline Community Center from 1:00-5:00.  
Pauline Mildred Grove Barrows, of Carmen passed away February 22nd at the age of 101.   
Pauline was born in Grant County near Renfrow, Oklahoma on December 15th, 1909 to Ervin and Pearl Grove.  Her family moved numerous times before settling in Aline where she graduated from Aline High School.  Pauline attended Northwestern College in Alva for one year receiving her teaching certificate.  Pauline married Lawrence Barrows of Aline on September 15th, 1929.  They raised four children, Dale, Willa Mae, Winona, and Linda, on the family farm west of Aline.  In 1983, Pauline and Lawrence moved to Carmen.  They were married 55 years.    
Pauline traveled a lot in her life.  When she was young her family moved from Oklahoma to Wisconsin then back to Oklahoma.  In her adult life, Pauline continued to travel and visited many interesting places including Niagara Falls, Philadelphia to see the Liberty Bell, Washington State, and San Antonio to see the Alamo and numerous places in between.  In her early life, she enjoyed quilting in the Busy Bee Club, gardening, and cooking.  In her later years, she enjoyed reading, watching the activities of her young neighbors outside her window, and watching the numerous birds that came to her feeders.  She also had a knack for growing African violets.  She was a member of the Aline Methodist Church.  
Late in Pauline?s life she needed assistance to stay in her home.  She was blessed to come in contact with numerous caregivers who gave her the ability to do that.  In her final three years, Pauline needed additional care and received that as a resident of the Share Convalescent Home in Alva.  There, she benefited and enjoyed the excellent care and attention of the staff.  
Some interesting facts about Pauline and her life:  At about 13 years of age, she drove one of her families? wagons from a settlement near what is now Canton Lake to Aline.   
Pauline received her teaching certificate but never taught.  She said she couldn?t find a job so got married instead.  
Lots of people develop sweet-tooths and Pauline liked her Fannie Mae candy sent from her family in Chicago.  But, in recent years, she developed a real taste for Pringles.  
One of Pauline?s greatest treasures and something that gave her a lot of comfort in her last years were letters written to her from Lawrence when she was in college.  She kept her "love letters? near her and caregivers would read them to her at times.  
Pauline accomplished many things in her life and had one last goal.  She wanted to live to be 100.  She would ask on occasion if she was the oldest one at Share.  Pauline accomplished her goal and even exceeded it.  
Pauline is survived by her son Dale and wife Pat of Mesa, Arizona; daughters Winona Bruner and Ed of Carmen; Linda Shelite and Monty of Aline.  Grandchildren Steve and Vanedda Barrows; Dana Kingshill; Larry and Kathy Whitworth; Sam and Debi Whitworth; Jada and Michael Gailey; Ryan Bruner; Mark and Alycesyn Shelite; Jared  Shelite.  Great grandchildren Natalie Fuller; Kacey and Landon Waugh, Tyler Whitworth; Mandi and Russ Griffin, Aly Fulbright; Zane Gailey; Wyatt Johnson, Evan and Liza Bruner; Ian Shelite, Ashton and Chandler Clemens; Madison, Austin and Audrey Shelite.  Great-great grandchildren Donavon, Drake, Dash, Kateyn, Mae Elizabeth, Ashlyn, Emma Grace, and Maddux.  One niece Louise Goodno; one great nephew Ken Ray Devereaux, one first cousin Judge Donald Worthington; and many more family and friends.    
Pauline was preceded in death by her parents, husband Lawrence, daughter Willa Mae, and sister Gladys.  
Memorial contributions may be made throuch the funeral home in Pauline&amp;s memory to the Carmen First Responders or Share Hospice. 
			