Eleanor Pauline Davidson, age 73, passed away on September 10, 2014. She was born in Alva, Oklahoma, on August 2, 1941, to Cora Adeline Springer and Paul August Olson. When you die it does not mean you lose to cancer. You beat cancer by how you live, why you live, and in the manner in which you lived. One word description of her:  AMAZING.    
Eleanor loved life, Jesus, and was a wonderful role model for how Christian women should live. A fighter who survived polio as a child and breast cancer as a young adult, she faced each obstacle bravely.     
In 1961 Eleanor married her best friend and was with Jerry until the end. She was an immaculate housekeeper who created such a welcoming and loving home. One who always looked for the good in people, had a positive outlook, was kind, tender hearted, always wearing a smile, Eleanor would put everyone else above herself. She enjoyed everything about nature, and loved to grow plants and garden. She liked all birds, but hummingbirds were her favorite. Eleanor loved to quilt and became an artisan of the craft. Fishing trips with her husband, brother, sisters and their families were always a highlight of her day. How she loved her two grandsons.     
Left to cherish this wonderful wife, mother, MeMe, and amazing gift to this world and all she came in contact with, are her husband, Jerry Davidson of Lumberton, TX; daughter, Gerri Sue Spring and, husband, Brian, of Lumberton; son, Paul Davidson of Eloy, AZ; grandchildren, Chase Spring and Zachary Spring; sister, Nadine Hayes of Waynoka, OK and Lynda Sender of Yukon, OK; brother, Max Olson of Woodward, OK; and many other kids who considered her their other mother, grandmother or MeMe.     
She was preceded in death by her parents; sisters, Hattie Mae Davidson and Betty Dohoney.    
Life honoring services will be Friday, September 12, 2014, at 2:30 p.m., at Lumberton Family Funeral Home. Her next service will be at First Baptist Church in Waynoka, Oklahoma, at 2:30 p.m., Sunday, September 14, 2014, with burial to follow at Memorial Hill Cemetery. Bro. John Fortenberry will be officiating at both services.  Local arrangements are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC. 
			