Services for Leon Perfect will be held 10:30 a.m. Tuesday, April 1, 2014, at the Zion Lutheran Church in Alva, OK, with pastor Aaron Wagner officiating. Interment will be in the Zion Lutheran Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. There will be a visitation with the family present from 3:00 p.m. until 5:00 p.m. on Sunday.  Leon Will Perfect was born to Eldon and Vera Mae (Sweeney) Perfect on December 3, 1931 at Humansville, Missouri. He departed this life on March 27, 2014, at the age of 82. Leon and his family moved from Missouri to Alva, Oklahoma, when he was about 10 years of age. He was baptized on April 21, 1935, and was a member of the Zion Lutheran Church.  Leon attended school in Alva and graduated from Alva High School with the class of 1949. Leon proudly enlisted with the 45th Infantry Division, Signal Corp. of the United States Army and served in Korea from 1950 to 1951. After returning to Alva, he attended Northwestern State College.  On December 19, 1954, Leon was married to Verna Lee Wilson at the Zion Lutheran Church in Alva. This union was blessed with two children, LeAnn Marie and Jerry Leon.  Leon worked for OG&amp;E for 31 plus years, retiring in 1988. He enjoyed golfing, fishing, hunting, playing cards, and watching sports. One of his greatest pleasures was watching his grandchildren play sports.  He was preceded in death by his parents, Eldon and Vera Mae Perfect; two brothers, identical twin Loren John and younger brother, David Lee; and sister-in-law, Georgia Wallace Perfect.  Leon is survived by his wife of 59 years, Verna Lee of the home; a daughter, LeAnn Tatro and husband, Ron, of Vici, OK; a son, Jerry and wife, Jill, of Kansas City, MO; four grandchildren, Brian Tatro and wife, Tressa, of Yukon, OK, Brandon Tatro of San Fransisco, CA, Joshua and Sarah Perfect of Kansas City, MO; a step-grandson, Mike Tatro and wife, Dea, of Enid, OK; four great-grandchildren, Holley and Mallory Tatro and Tristian and Tori Graham. He has two remaining sisters, Sally Wiersig and husband, Larry, of Alva, OK, and Vickie Keesee and husband, Tom, of Yukon, OK. He is also survived by nieces, nephews, extended family, and a host of friends.  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Lutheran Church.  &nbsp; 
			