Graveside services for Laverna Kessinger will be 11:00 a.m. Saturday, August 29, 2009, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery with Dr. Greg Hook, pastor of the Alva First Baptist Church, officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Laverna, daughter of Jesse J. and Opal O. (Rose) Kessinger, was born April 1, 1913, in Alva, Oklahoma, and died August 26, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 96 years, 4 months, and 25 days.  
In November, 1944 she began a career in the insurance business, that spanned 42 years.  She worked for Old Surety Life Insurance Company, Howard Roepke Insurance for 23 years, then for Dick Brunsteter Insurance until she retired on October 31, 1979, after serving a total of 35 years.  Later she worked for Beulah Sperry Insurance and Real Estate for 7 years.  
Laverna was an active member of the First Baptist Church.  In earlier years as a member of the First Christian Church, she served as president of the Homebuilders Sunday School Class for 13 years, was a member of the World Outreach Committee, the General Christian Women?s Fellowship, and the Shelton Guild.  She became a member of the Order of Eastern Star in Enid, Oklahoma, later transferring to the Alva Chapter #97 where she held various offices.  Laverna also participated at the Woods County Senior Citizens and was a member of the American Association of Retired Persons.  
Besides her parents, Laverna was preceded in death by her sister, June Fuson; two brothers, Leo Kessinger and Paul Kessinger; and two nephews, Dr. Joe Nickell and Gene Kessinger.  
Laverna is survived by one sister-in-law, Esther Kessinger, of Ft. Collins, Colorado; her nieces and nephews, Katie and Lee Hoover of Ft. Collins, Colorado, Karen Nickell of Oklahoma City, John and Gayla Kessinger of Burkburnett, Texas, and Janice Page of El Paso, Texas; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Baptist Church or the charity of your choice. 
			