Interment for Mary Ruth Beadles Hiett will be 9:30 a.m. Tuesday, April 2, 2013, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery.  Memorial services will follow at 11:00 a.m. at the Alva Church of the Nazarene with Rev. Bill Kalfas officiating.  Services are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Mary Ruth Hiett, daughter of the late William Thomas and Bessie Margaret (Lewis) Beadles, was born November 25, 1918, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away March 27, 2013, at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 94 years, 4 months, and 2 days.    
Ruth graduated from Alva High School and furthered her education at Northwestern State College and at Woodward where she earned her LPN.  On November 28, 1936, she was united in marriage to Charley Franklin Hiett at Enid, Oklahoma.  They made their home in Alva where her family founded, owned and operated Beadles Nursing Home where she served as administrator for many years.  She also worked as an administrator at Share Convalescent Home for several years.    
She was a lifetime member of the Alva Church of the Nazarene. Ruth served on the church board and as church Treasurer for many years, taught junior high, high school and adult Sunday school classes along with directing Vacation Bible School for many years. Her mother founded a church in Haiti and Ruth’s heart was in missions as she supported the Haiti Hot Lunch and Water Well projects along with many other mission projects. She loved memorizing Scripture and enjoyed fishing, traveling, and camping. Ruth also loved to embroidery and made many lovely quilts for family and friends.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Charley Hiett; two sons, Marion Hiett and infant Billy Dean Hiett; one daughter Emma Jordan; several brothers and sisters, including Joe Beadles, Lewis Beadles, Edith Wheeler and Gussie Rader; two grandchildren, Janice Terres and Robbie Lynch; two great grandchildren, Amber and Ashley Huckabee; and a niece who was like a sister, Thelma Riley.    
Ruth is survived by two daughters, Charlotte Swain and husband, Roy, of Alva, and Marietta Lynch and husband, Douglas, of Alva; her daughter in law, Barbara Hiett of Alva; three grandchildren, Adam Jordan and wife, Dayna, of Alva, David Huckabee and wife, Michelle, of Alva, and Michael Jordan and girlfriend, Corey Thompson of Oklahoma City; four great grandchildren, Blake and Seth Jordan and Austin and Kaitlyn Huckabee; four step great grandchildren; one niece who was like a sister, Juanita Gerdes of Wellington, Kansas; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Church of the Nazarene Building Fund or Beadles Activity Fund. 
			