Funeral services for Lois Walker will be 10:30 a.m. Saturday, December 13, 2014, at the Cherokee Friends Church with Pastor Joe Woods and Pastor Mary Irby officiating.  Interment will follow in the Cherokee Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC , of Carmen.  	    
Lois Walker, daughter of the late Murray and Edna (Wade) Schanbacher, was born July 15, 1927, on the family farm northeast of Carmen and met the Lord December 10, 2014, at Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 87 years, 4 months, and 25 days.  	    
Lois graduated high school in Lambert. She grew up in the Prairie Valley Methodist Church where she was a member. In 1948, Lois was united in marriage to Wayne Ralph Walker at the Prairie Valley Methodist Church. They made their home on their farm south of Cherokee on Cozy Curve for the past 64 years.  	    
Her family and friends were her life.  She enjoyed supporting them in their school, sports, church activities and community events.  She was also a longtime member of the home extension club, Farmerettes. Lois enjoyed cooking, quilting, and china painting.  	    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Wayne; two sons, Dr. Dennis L. Walker and Charles Walker; three daughters, infant twin girls and Nancy Allen; four brothers, Delbert Schanbacher, Duane Schanbacher, Lyle Schanbacher, and Bobby Schanbacher; and one sister, Hazel Means.   	    
Lois is survived by a daughter, Deanna Wheeler and husband, Elroy, of Wichita, Kansas; five grandchildren, Josh Allen and wife, Jessica, of Byron, Wes Allen and wife, Meagan, of Lakeland, Florida, Justin Wheeler and wife, Erica, of Wichita, Jared Allen of Cherokee, and Kelsey Walker of Broken Arrow; four great grandchildren, Paden and Weston Allen of Byron, Aldrik Wheeler of Wichita, and Raylee Allen of Lakeland, Florida; one brother, Eugene Schanbacher and wife, Priscilla, of Murray, Kentucky; her sister-in-law, Verna Ruth Schanbacher of Cherokee; her daughter-in-law, Kaye White Walker of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma; other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Prairie Valley Methodist Church. 
			