Funeral services for Dean Melvin Baltz will be 10:00 a.m. Friday, June 7, 2013, at the Town and Country Christian Church with Chuck Lightfoot officiating.  Interment will be in the Auburn Cemetery southwest of Cherokee under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Dean Melvin Baltz, son of the late Louis Leroy and Laura Elvira (Oringderff) Baltz, was born June 30, 1930, at Cherokee, Oklahoma, and passed away June 4, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years.    
Dean attended Lambert School and graduated from Cherokee High School.  He attended Okmulgee A&amp;M College where he received his degree in Radio and TV.  On September 16, 1950, he enlisted in the United States Navy and served as a radio and radar operator.  During his three years of service, he served tours in China and in Korea on the U.S.S. Albuquerque.    
He moved to Wichita where he sold cars, then worked at Boeing Aircraft.  On June 14, 1969, he was united in marriage to Pamela Ann Free at Sulphur, Oklahoma.  In 1976 they moved from Wichita to Alva where he owned and operated OTASCO, later Dean’s Sales and Service until his retirement.    
Dean was a member of the Town and Country Christian Church, which he dearly loved.  He was also a member of Rotary.  His hobbies included woodworking and restoring antique cars.    
Besides his parents, Dean was preceded in death by two brothers, John Baltz and Derrell Baltz; and five sisters, Roberta Belcher, Mary Frances Allen, Virginia Mathews, Orvella White, and his twin sister, Jean Marie Trier.    
Dean is survived by his wife, Pam, of Alva; two daughters, Shari Schuessler and husband, Keith, of Hutchinson, Kansas, and Laura Evans and husband, Tony, of Yukon, Oklahoma; one sister, Barbara Brady and husband, Ronald, of Alva; six grandchildren, Brandon Schuessler and wife, Lindsey, of Longview, Texas, Kevin Schuessler of Los Angeles, California, and Holly Schuessler of Hutchinson, Kansas, and Hannah Evans and Zachary Evans, both of Yukon; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Alzheimer research. 
			