Memorial services for Leisa LaRae and Craig Allen Beavers will be 10:00 a.m. Thursday, May 31, 2012, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Rev. Mike Taylor officiating.  They were cremated and final disposition will occur at a later date.  
Leisa LaRae Beavers, daughter of Wanda Joyce (Garman) Crumm and the late Windle Wayne Crumm, was born April 27, 1963, at Guymon, Oklahoma, and passed away May 28, 2012, near Medford, Oklahoma, at the age of 49 years, 1 month, and 1 day. 	 Craig Alan Beavers, son of the late James Clifford and Audrey Faye (Cavin) Beavers, was born November 20, 1952, at Gary, Indiana, and passed away May 28, 2012, near Medford, Oklahoma, at the age of 59 years, 6 months, and 8 days. 	 Leisa attended school in Wagoner, Oklahoma and Craig served eight years in the United States Marine Corps. 	 On May 26, 2001, Leisa and Craig were united in marriage in Taos, New Mexico, in the middle of the street during a motorcycle parade.  They moved to Alva last year where he served as Deputy Warden at the Bill Johnson Correctional Center and Leisa worked as a photographer at Lynn Martin Photography and as a sales representative for the Alva Review Courier. 	 They were both members of the First Baptist Church in Alva and enjoyed motorcycling.  Craig was also a member of the Rotary Club and the motorcycle group, Survivors.  Craig liked to smoke cigars, while Leisa enjoyed photography.  They both enjoyed their kids and grandkids and enjoyed life. 	 Leisa is survived by two sons, Ryan Lee Ball of Broken Arrow, and Ashton Christopher Ball, two daughters, Katelynn Joyce Ball of Alva, and Jessica Marie Ball of Broken Arrow; her mother, Wanda Garman, of Tulsa; three brothers, Charles, Dennis, and Steve Linvick, all of Tahlequah; one sister, Laura Linvick of Florida; her sister-in-law, Billie Joe Crumm and husband, Jeff; her nephew, Windel Crumm; three grandchildren, Kelly Ashlyn Ball, Adison Grace Ball, and Carter Lee Ball; other relatives and many friends. 	 Craig is survived by three sons, Jeremy Beavers of Tulsa, James Jackson, of Virginia Beach, Virginia, and Jason Herskind of Glenpool; three daughters, Sara Beavers of Columbus, Ohio, Jamie Herskind of Tulsa, and Jennifer Wooten; two brothers, Gary and Dennis Beavers, both of Indiana; ten grandchildren, Sebastian, Leighla, and Mahlon Herskind, Savannah Jackson, Charle Kirk George, Jonathan William Beavers, Megan Legere Beavers, and Bailey, Justin, and Jessica Wooten; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Survivors. 
			