Funeral services for Myrtle Pearl English Crain will be 10:30 a.m. Friday, January 30, 2009, at the First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.  Interment will be in the Galena Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  The casket will be open at the funeral home until 9:00 a.m. Friday, and remain closed at the church.  
Pearl English Crain, daughter of the late Foster and Lillie (Leeper) Rose, was born May 17, 1903, at Galena, in Oklahoma Territory, and passed away January 24, 2009, at Share Convalescent Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 105 years, 8 months, and 8 days.  
Pearl attended school at Northwestern State Normal School.  She was united in marriage to Frank English in 1921.  Frank and Pearl moved to their ranch in 1935 where they lived and raised their two children until Frank passed away in 1952.  Pearl continued to live on and work the ranch and married Leon Crain in 1960.  Pearl and Leon later moved to Alva.  
Pearl?s passion was raising horses.  She also enjoyed doll collecting and during World War I she knitted gloves without the index finger for the soldiers.  Pearl was a member of the First United Methodist Church and was active in the community.   
Besides her parents and her husbands, Frank English and Leon Crain, she was preceded in death by one son, Marion "Buster? Foster English; one daughter, Loretta Gail Oshel; one brother, Basil Rose; and one sister, Leona Suhm.  
Pearl is survived by four grandchildren, Dean Oshel and wife, Carol, of Dallas, Texas, Ken Oshel and wife, Lynn, of Santa Fe, New Mexico, David Oshel and wife, Alison, of Edmond, Oklahoma, and Lore Finley and husband, Jim, of Blunt, South Dakota; two sisters, Lorene Linder of Waynoka, and Ora LaVerne Landers of Salina, Kansas; one stepdaughter, Ann Farrar and husband, John, of Indiana; 12 great grandchildren; 13 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the NWOSU Foundation. 
			