Funeral services for William James "Bill? Hofer, will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, November 13, 2008, at the Hopeton Wesleyan Church with Pastor Marion Hadsell officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
William James "Bill? Hofer, son of the late Homer Vincent and Marjorie Arlene (Haltom) Hofer, was born April 19, 1936, at Hutchinson, Kansas, and passed away November 9, 2008, at his home southwest of Alva, at the age of 72 years, 6 months, and 20 days.  
Bill attended Dacoma School until he enlisted in the United States Army in 1954.  After his service he returned, finished high school at Dacoma and attended Northwestern Oklahoma State University for two years.  He also served in the U.S. Army Reserves until 1962.  
As a young man, he picked up milk from farms for Gold Spot Dairy of Enid. On February 9, 1958, he was united in marriage to Carolyn Rosa Purcival at Alva.  He managed the Knotty Pine Tavern and Caf? for a few years, was a custom wheat harvester, and then was a long time farmer and cattleman.  
He attended the Hopeton Wesleyan Church.  His interests were his family and farming.  His hobbies were fixing things that wouldn?t work and inventing things that would work while tinkering in his shop.  He also enjoyed visiting with his friends over coffee at the bowling alley.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one son, James Lee Hofer and one daughter, Connie Lynn Hofer.  
Bill is survived by his wife, Carolyn, of Alva; two sons, Wayne Hofer and his wife, Donna, of Alva, and James LeRoy Hofer of Alva; one brother, Ben Hofer of Phoenix, Arizona; and one sister, Beverly Ann Hofer of San Bernardino, California.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, Share? Taylor, Justin Taylor and wife, Michele, Jason Tiemann and wife, Celeste, Travis Hofer, Kay Henninger and husband, Joseph, LeAnn Hofer, Nicole Bennett, Katie Williams and husband, Justin, JemiKay Hofer, Austin Hofer, and Meghan Hofer;  six great grandchildren with three more on the way; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice. 
			