Funeral services for Darrel Dean Hull, Jr. will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, September 24, 2012, at the Waynoka First United Methodist Church with Rev. Barbara Fyffe officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Darrel Dean Hull, Jr. son of the late Darrel Dean Hull, Sr.and Delys Darlyne (DeVilbiss) Hull, was born February 28, 1956, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away September 21, 2012, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 56 years, 6 months, and 23 days.  
Darrel graduated from Waynoka High School where he was very active in FFA.  He was a member of the National Championship Judging Team in 1972, and in 1973, his team won Tulsa and qualified for the national competition.  He attended NEO for two years, then graduated from Oklahoma State University with a degree in Agriculture Education.  He continued judging in college and was on the OSU National Championship team, with Darrel placing 6th.  He taught FFA in Canute, Oklahoma, Laverne, Oklahoma, and Natoma, Kansas.  
On February 6, 1999, he was united in marriage to Sandra Maxine Boyd in Waynoka.  They lived in Waynoka where he worked in the family trucking company and farmed and ranched.  
He was proud to be a Democrat just like his dad.  He enjoyed fishing and raising show pigs for the local FFA and 4-H students.  He loved his family and enjoyed spending time with his kids and extended family.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by an infant sister, Donnetta Hull.  
Darrel is survived by his wife, Sandy, of Waynoka; three children, Krystin, Skylar, and Isaiah Hull, of Waynoka; one brother, Dwight Hull and wife, Dr. Susan Hull, of Waynoka; and two sisters, Donna Hull of Waynoka, and Diana Pitts and husband, Craig, of Waynoka; three nieces, Hannah Kimbro and husband, Dal, Kelsey Hull, and McKenzie Pitts; one nephew, Sage Cook; and two great nephews, Gavin Cook and Carver Kimbro; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First United Methodist Church building fund, the Waynoka FFA Chapter, or the Children&amp;s Education Fund. 
			