The memorial service has been postponed to 10:00 a.m. Saturday, April 4, 2009, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. William S. Kalfas officiating.  
Eugene Francis Wilson, 82, passed away on March 17, 2009, joining his wife Helen Frei Wilson.  
Eugene, often &amp; lovingly referred to as "Gene? or "Willie? was born September 23rd 1926, in Garber, Oklahoma to C.C. Wilson and Helen Birdie (Skinner) Wilson. He grew up in Oklahoma and attended Old St. Joseph?s School in Oklahoma City, OK.  
At the age of 16, Gene enlisted in the US Navy. Sometime later he worked at Tinker Air force Base as a mechanic working on hydraulics. With the desire to serve his country again he joined the US Air force and remained active for 30 years. Gene proudly served tours in both WWII and the Vietnam war.    
Gene was married to wife, Dolouise, with whom they had 3 children. Their first born was Eugene, who has preceded him in death.  Ron Wilson, their second child is living in Florida. Alice, their only daughter, is living in Florida with her husband, Rene Taylor, and their children and grandchildren. Gene and Dolouise divorced in 1970.  
On February 14, 1973, Gene married Helen Frei in Great Falls, Montana.  With Helen, Gene shared the love and cared for his two stepdaughters, Marilyn Boots and Janet Craft.  Both daughters preceded Gene and Helen in death.  Gene and Helen also enjoyed grandchildren and great grandchildren but were unable to enjoy their last great-great grandchild born at the time of Gene?s death.  
Gene, along with Helen, had many adventures in his life. They lived in Montana where they owned a popular tavern. They also resided in Oklahoma for a time before retiring to a warmer, dryer climate in Mesa, AZ. When he retired and settled down in Mesa they loved traveling in the RV and taking the pontoon boat to the lake.   
All would agree, Gene was a funny, ornery and lovable a prankster. He had many friends but none as dear as E.D. Long who was at his side throughout his and Helen?s illnesses.  
Besides his children, Gene is survived by one sister, Liz Parr and her husband Cody, five grandchildren, eight great-grandchildren and one great-great grandchild, several nieces? nephews, long time friend and ex daughter-in-law, Ann Martin and her husband Mark. 
			