Graveside service for Joseph Leon Nelson will be 3:00 p.m. Saturday, August 2, 2008, at Fairview Cemetery near Savoy, Texas, with Rev. Victor Bishop officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva, Oklahoma.  
Joseph Leon Nelson, son of the late Joseph Balou and Sadie Mae (Agee) Nelson, was born June 21, 1911, at Bonham, Texas, and passed away July 28, 2008, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 97 years, 1 month and 7 days.  
Joe was reared in Bonham, Texas where he attended school.  On June 21, 1930, he was united in marriage to Pearl Pressley at Durant, Oklahoma.  He and his brother owned and operated the Juicy Pig Restaurant in Sherman, Texas.  On June 11, 1943, he enlisted in the United States Navy where he served until December 4, 1945.  
After the service, he worked as a chef in several restaurants.  He then went into Civil Service and retired from a position at Will Rogers Airport.  He then obtained his real estate license and sold real estate in Noble.  At the age of 79 he joined the Peace Corp and served three years in the Dominican Republic.  
He was a member of the Bible Baptist Church in Alva, the Hampton-Noble Lodge #291, Ancient Free and Accepted Masons since 1975.  He loved to fish, read newspapers, and help other people.  He was truly an inspiration to his family, especially his grandchildren, and to all who knew him.  
Beside his parents he was preceded in death by his wife, Pearl in 1986, and one son, Bill R. Nelson in 2005.  
Joe is survived by five children, Bobby Joe Nelson and wife, Arvilla, of Vancouver, Washington, Jerry Wayne Nelson and wife, Shirley of Grandview, Texas, David Lynn Nelson and wife, Brenda, of Arlington, Texas, Dennis Ray Nelson of Alva, and Nancy Jones and husband, John, of Fort Smith, Arkansas; a special daughter-in-law, Rea Nelson of Allen, Texas; and one brother, Leonard Ray Nelson and wife, Lena, of Sherman, Texas.  
Also surviving are 14 grandchildren Patrick "Terry" McMillen of Olympia, Washington, Joseph Dale Nelson and wife, Christina, of Indonesia, William Richard Nelson of Anna, Texas, Lori Beth Bishop and husband, Victor, of Whitewright, Texas, Wendy Denise Gist and husband, Keith, of Arlington, Texas, Wayne William Nelson of Arlington, Texas, Wade Wesley Nelson and wife, Holly, of Arlington, Texas, Becky Phillips and husband, Mark, of Arlington, Texas, Sherri Lynn Saldana of Muenster, Texas, Stephen David Nelson of Arlington, Texas, Lisa Renea Standridge and husband, Rob, of Norman, Oklahoma, Lance Orbin Idleman and wife, Kim, of Simpsonville, Kentucky, Larae Nicole Idleman of New York City, and NaChelle Jones of Garland, Texas; 22 great grandchildren; 5 great-great grandchildren, other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Cancer Society or American Heart Association. 
			