Funeral services for Robert Edward “Bud” Gaskill will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel.  Interment will be in the Alva Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Robert Edward “Bud” Gaskill, son of the late Edward Alpha and Mildred Lucille (Elder-Terrill) Gaskill was born August 31, 1933, at Alva, and passed away December 30, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 3 months, and 29 days.  	Bud attended Farry Grade School and Sacred Heart Grade School and graduated from Alva High School.  He attended Oklahoma A&amp;M in Stillwater where he played football.  In 1957, he was united in marriage to Josephine Mae “Jody” Fiscus in Alva.  To this union three children were born, Rob, Guy, and Bart.  He farmed and ranched with his father in Woods County and New Mexico for many years.  He then lived in Edmond until three years ago when he moved to Alva.    
He was well known as a good cowboy and calf roper, especially when he was on his favorite horse, Old Val.  He also raised race horses and loved to play bridge.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one brother, Dan Gaskill, three sisters, Patricia Whitefield, Barbara McCleary, and Linda Ryan.    
Bud is survived by three sons, Robert Edward “Rob” Gaskill, Jr. and wife, Patti, of Waynoka, Guy Allen Gaskill and wife, Beckie, of Sharon, and Bart Harold Gaskill and wife, Kay, of South Lake, Texas; his twin sister, Roberta Myers and husband, Gene, of Edmond and his sister, Mary Jane Williamson and husband, Eric, of Anchorage, Alaska.    
Also surviving are nine grandchildren, Adam Gaskill and wife, Mary, of Waynoka, Autumn Whitaker of Waynoka, Robert Edward (Robbie) Gaskill III, and wife, Renea, of Waynoka, Jordan Gaskill of Tulsa, Tori Miller and husband, James, of Woodward, Tessa Wickware and husband, Tony, of Sharon, Tawni Gaskill of Sharon, and Brock and Blake Gaskill of South Lake, Texas; seven great grandchildren, Kynadi Gaskill, Kaylen Gaskill, Oakley Whitaker, Toby Miller, Anneka Miller, Beau Wickware and Noah Wickware; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to help with funeral expenses.Alva. 
			