Funeral services for Leroy Arthur Arndt will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, July 18, 2014, at the Alva First Christian Church with Pastor Ron Pingelton officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Leroy Arthur Arndt, son of Davey “Maynard” and Katharina Jean (Schmitt) Arndt, was born December 30, 1953, in Hardtner, Kansas, passed away July 14, 2014, at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of 60 years, 6 months, and 14 days.    
Leroy attended Farry School, graduated from Alva High School, and attended Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  On May 22, 1976, he was united in marriage to Glenda Jo Wimmer, at Alva, Oklahoma.  He worked for a time at Wheat’s Western Store as a leather craftsman, and worked on the farm.  He was a gifted brick mason for over 40 years, practicing his artistry with perfection in Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, and Arizona.  He left his mark in many different homes, fireplaces, and projects all over Alva, including the Centennial Wall and entrance to NWOSU.  According to fellow bricklayer Raymond Knabe, “Leroy was a true artist in the field of masonry.  He always took pride in his work no matter what he was building.”    
He was a member of the Alva Moose Lodge and the National Rifle Association.  He enjoyed hunting, fishing, skeet shooting, gardening and farming, but his greatest joy was spending time with his grandkids.    
Leroy is survived by his wife, Glenda, of Alva; three children, Lori Caviness and husband, John, Erica Lane and husband, J.J., and Dallas Arndt, all of Alva; his parents, Maynard and Katharina Arndt of Alva; three sisters, Teresa Sutter and husband, Ed, Tena Martin and husband, Mike, and Rita Peterson and husband, Miles, all of Alva; and five grandchildren, Huston, Avery and Nixon Lane, and Kaden and Kylie Caviness; his parents-in-law, Walter and JoAnn Roberts of Woodward; his brothers and sisters-in-law, Billy Wimmer and wife, Sandy, of Freedom, Charley Wimmer of San Antonio, Texas, Larry Wimmer and wife Debbie, of Mobridge, South Dakota, and Sherry Stauffer of Hutchinson, Kansas; other relatives and many friends.    
  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Christian Church. 
			