Funeral services for Ruth Marie Caldwell will be 1:30 Wednesday, April 6, 2011, at the First Christian Church in Waynoka  with Rev. Mike Paddy officiating.  Burial will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka LLC.  
Ruth Marie, daughter of the late Wesley and Maggie (McDonald) Vaughn was born  on October 10, 1912, on a farm near Sharon, Oklahoma, and went to be with her Lord and Savior  on April 2, 2011, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age  of 98 years, 5 months and 3 days.  
She attended Lively Country School and attended Sharon High School.  In 1933, she was united in marriage to George Caldwell at Buffalo, Oklahoma.  He died in 1972.  
Ruth was a waitress and cook during her working career in Waynoka.  Those of you who came of age in Waynoka in the ?50&amp;s, ?60&amp;s, and ?70&amp;s may remember her limeades from the Corner Drug, or her veal cutlets from Coulter?s Caf?, or her sweetbreads from Mae Diel?s, or her hamburgers and malts from the Dairy Maid.   
She was a member of the Waynoka First Christian Church, the Rebekah Lodge, and the Women?s Auxiliary of the American Legion.  She enjoyed crocheting and sewing.  
Besides her parents and her husband, she was preceded in death by one brother, Clyde Vaughn and a daughter-in-law, Karen.  
Ruth is survived by her three sons; Vaughn Caldwell of Alva, Max Caldwell and wife, Laurie of Cleveland, Oklahoma, and Ron Caldwell and wife, Linda of Woodward, Oklahoma; eight grandchildren, Kelly Caldwell of Alva, Kimberly Burger and husband, Larry, of Bend, Oregon, Timothy Caldwell and wife, Teresa, of Owasso, Oklahoma, Terri Yee and husband, John, of Tulsa, Kerry Crown and husband, Charlie, of Cleveland, Max Caldwell, Jr. of Supulpa, Oklahoma, Casey Caldwell and wife, Summer, of Blanchard, and Carrie Rothell and husband, Chris, of Dallas; eight great grandchildren and two great-great grandchildren, other relatives and friends.  
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Church Communion Fund. 
			