Funeral services for Betty Thomason, 87, will be 10:00 a.m. Friday, June 16, 2006, at the First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) with Pastor Sean Evans officiating.  Interment will be in the Keith Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Marjorie Elizabeth (Betty) Thomason, daughter of the late William H. and Mary (Bird) Dayton, was born June 14, 1918, near Breckenridge in Garfield County, Oklahoma, and passed away June 12, 2006, in Alva, Oklahoma, two days short of her 88th birthday.  
When her father died at an early age, her mother married Fred Johnson who she knew as Dad.  Betty graduated from Garber High School and Northwestern Teachers College.  On July 11, 1943, she was united in marriage to Benton Francis Thomason at the Christian Church in Enid.  Benton and Betty lived in Garber and Stillwater where Benton was involved in Vocational Agriculture before moving to Alva in 1973.  
She was a teacher, teaching in one-room schools northeast of Breckinridge and later an elementary teacher in Garber before deciding her most important job was as a homemaker, raising her family.  She remained actively interested in the family farming and cattle operation until shortly before her death.  
Betty was a member of the Alva First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) where she had served as president of the Christian Women&amp;s Fellowship.  She was always involved in many activities and organizations.  She was a past president of Chapter AL of P. E. O. And a delegate to the national P. E. O. convention, past president of the 20th Century Club and Iris Garden Club, Pink Ladies Auxiliary, Woods County Ag Women, and the Northwest Cattlewomen.  Betty was also a past co-chairman of the Woods County Democrats and a member of the Woods County Democratic Women.  
Besides her parents and her step-father, she was preceded in death by two brothers, William Dayton and Freddie Johnson.  
Betty is survived by her husband, Benton, of Alva; two sons, Charles Benton Thomason and his wife, Janis, of North Zulch, Texas, and William Brian Thomason and his wife, Nancy, of Perry, Oklahoma; one daughter, Nancy Janeen Giles and her husband, Robert, of Monument, Colorado.  
Also surviving are 10 grandchildren, Chad Thomason and his wife, Laurie, of The Woodlands, Texas, Kristy Thomason of North Zulch, Texas, Brian Thomason and his wife, Kelly, of Owasso, Oklahoma, Scott Thomason of Greenville, Texas, Kevin Thomason of Perry, Oklahoma, Kyle Thomason of Edmond, Oklahoma, Rodney Warren Giles of India, Jennifer Janeen Samson and her husband, Adrian, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, Rachel Joy Giles of Monument and Thomas A. Giles of Monument; 4 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Alzheimer???s research or the Alva First Christian Church. 
			