Funeral services for Harvey Allen Harger will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, March 31, 2011, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. Tom Walters officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Harvey Allen Harger, son of Jesse and Pearl (Norton) Harger, was born February 15, 1921, in Siloam Springs, Arkansas, and passed away March 26, 2011, at Medicine Lodge, Kansas, at the age of 90 years, 1 month, and 11 days.  
Harvey enlisted in the United States Navy on November 2, 1940, and served on the USN Pennsylvania.  He was honorably discharged because of a disability which he incurred in the line of duty.  
On July 25, 1943, he was united in marriage to Alta Marie Abbott in Alva.  They lived in Sun City, Kansas, where he worked at National Gypsum.  In 1997, they moved back to Alva.  A couple of years after her death in 2001, he moved to Medicine Lodge to be near his family.  
He enjoyed spending time with his family and taking care of animals, including dogs, cats, and goats.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Alta Marie; two brothers, two sisters and an infant baby brother.  
Harvey is survived by five sons, Harvey Harger, Jr. of Hutchinson, Kansas, Jesse Harger and wife, Sharon, of Medicine Lodge, Ted Harger and wife, Gloria, of Lexington, Tennessee, William Harger and wife, Susan, of Radium, Kansas, and Larry Harger and wife, Tracy, of Medicine Lodge; five daughters, Jackie Pugh and husband, Roy, of Ponca City, Vida Ruiz and husband, Victor, of Medicine Lodge, Eva Jean Henson and husband, Ronnie of Binger, Oklahoma, Judy Henson and husband, Charles, of Great Bend, Kansas, and Patty Jo Harger of Medicine Lodge; 41 grandchildren; 75 great grandchildren; 19 great great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the St. Jude Children?s Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee or Creature Concerns in Alva.  
The family will be meeting for lunch at the Zion Lutheran Church. 
			