Funeral services for Donald Emerson Eggleston will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, January 7, 2009, at the Elm and Murrow Church of Christ with Bill David Walker and Ray Hull officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC. 	 Donald Emerson Eggleston, son of the late T.R. and Pearl Mae (Hannan) Eggleston, was born July 3, 1929, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away January 4, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 6 months, and 1 day. 	 Don graduated from Waynoka High School in 1947.  He married his high school sweetheart Donna Harris on May 22, 1950.  They were lifetime members of the Church of Christ.  He was employed by the Santa Fe Railroad until 1952.  Don?s accomplishments included winning numerous judging and showing awards, the Junior Master Farmer in 1947 and WKY Farmer Rancher of the Month in 1965.  Don was also a member of the Oklahoma Gold Spot Dairy Board, Woods County Fair Board, FHA Board and the National America Milk Producers Incorporate Board.  His career began when he started the Hi-Don Dairy in 1952.  	  Throughout the 21 years on the dairy Don achieved the "Top Dairy in Oklahoma Award? presented by the Oklahoma Holstein Association.  He sold the dairy in 1973.  However, he continued to ranch and sell show cattle which received several Grand Champions in Oklahoma and Texas.  Don had a lot of fun doing what he loved until he was forced to retire due to health in November of 1987.  Don continued to keep busy traveling to sporting events, stock shows, beauty pageants, banquets, mud-runs and numerous others following his children, grandchildren and great grandchildren.  Don?s happiness was found in his kids. 	 Don is survived by his wife, Donna, of Waynoka; one son, Ken Eggleston and wife, Sally, of Waynoka; two daughters, Debra Kimbro and husband, Kim, of Waynoka, and Jean Decker of Oklahoma City; and three brothers, Duane Eggleston and wife, Mary Ann, of Edmond, Evan Eggleston and wife, Janelle, of Hooker, and Estel Eggleston and wife, Mary Nell, of Texhoma. 	 Also surviving are eight grandchildren, Tisha Stewart and husband, Chris, of Alva, Brett Kimbro of Piedmont, Heidi Claassen and husband, Jed, of Springfield, Missouri, Dal Kimbro and wife, Hannah, of Waynoka, Sara Eggleston of Oklahoma City, Quinton Decker of Denver, Courtney Decker of Oklahoma City, and Keithan Decker of Oklahoma City; six great grandchildren, Adria Kimbro, Maya Stewart, Laney Jo Stewart, Gavin Cook, Bo Stewart, and Livie Claassen; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Tipton Children?s Home. 
			