Funeral services for Ruby Candace Nelson will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, October 31, 2012, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Pastor Terry Martindale officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  The casket will remain closed.  
Ruby Candace Nelson, 101, wife of the late Anthon Nelson, passed on peacefully from this life on October 27, 2012, in Onancock, Virginia.  Born July 24, 1911, in Edith, Colorado, she was the youngest of five children born to the late Gasham and Jettie (Arrowsmith) Hart.  Ruby was preceded by all her siblings, Roland and Ted Hart, Thelma Hart McKinley, and Jessie Hart Bridges.  
Ruby?s early childhood was lived in Hart?s Canyon, New Mexico, a remote area along the Chama River.  Ruby has documented her life there as well as her subsequent youth in Montana and her early married life in Oklahoma in a series of short stories, fascinating memoirs of an era long past.  
Ruby graduated from high school and college (then called Normal School), in Alva, Oklahoma, with a lifetime teacher certificate.  She taught school for two years, married Anthon in 1932, and devoted herself to the rugged career of the hard-working farm wife.  She was always active in the Methodist Church and participated in numerous civic and cultural organizations.  
She enjoyed sewing clothes for her family and friends.  She grew and put up fruits and vegetables from her garden and she was famous for her homemade bread, but most especially for her cinnamon rolls which she baked weekly and shared with one and all for 80+ years.  She loved family get togethers, and her birthday party celebrations most of all.  She was hard-working and an early riser, but oh how she loved her naps!  
Ruby is survived by son, Dwight Nelson of Phoenix, Arizona; and daughter, Toni Nelson, of Onancock, Virginia, (formerly of Manasquan, New Jersey), with whom she lived in recent years, though she never lost her love and longing for the wheat fields and plains of Oklahoma and farm life.  
She was predeceased by one son, John Douglas Nelson.  
Ruby leaves four grandchildren, Shari Nelson Kristof of Cary, North Carolina, Lisa Nelson Stewart and husband, Mike, of Coconut Creek, Florida, and Kimberly Birdsall of Point Pleasant, New Jersey, and Matthew Birdsall and wife, Christian, of Bland and Norfolk, Virginia.  
Ruby adored her seven great grandchildren, Jason, Ryan, and Justin Kristof, her namesake, Ruby Olivia Hyra, Noah and Maribeth Birdsall, and Taylor Stewart, as well as many beloved nieces, nephews, cousins, and a host of dear friends.  
The family thanks Hospice and Palliative Care of the Eastern Shore and the staff at Shore Lifecare for their kind and compassionate care.  
In lieu of flowers, the family requests memorial donations be made to Hospice of the Eastern Shore, 165 Market St., Suite 3, Onancock, VA 23417, or to the charity of your choice. 
			