Funeral services for Murrell Jessie "Curly? Morehart will be 2:00 o?clock Saturday, August 13, 2011, at the Town and Country Christian Church with Rev. Chuck Lightfoot officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Murrel Jessie "Curly? Morehart, son of Jessie Herbert and Flossie Ellen (Farris) Morehart, was born November 13, 1922, in Woods County, and passed away August 11, 2011, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 88 years, 8 months, and 28 days.  
He attended rural schools and graduated from Northwestern High School, and attended Northwestern State College.  Murrel was known by many of his friends and family as "Curly,? a nickname given to him in school because of his curly hair.  He was an avid fisherman giving away a lot of his catch.  He served in the United States Army during World War II.  
Curly married LaDonna Leigh Cox on July 4, 1942,  To this union three children were born, Gary Lee, Linda Sue and Patsy Ruth.  His wife, LaDonna, preceded him in death on March 21, 1967.  They lived in Alva where he was manager of the Railway Locker and Ice Plant and worked at Shafer Radio and TV for 30 years.  
On August 5, 1967, he was united in marriage to Mildred (Crouch) Hada at Alva.  After the Shafer Family retired, he became a partner in the ownership of Shafer Radio and TV and moved to Ponca City to manage the store there.  He retired in 1984 and returned to Alva to make his home.  He and Mildred traveled extensively with their camper throughout the United States.  They made one four-week trip with friends, by car, to Canada and Alaska which he enjoyed telling stories about for many years.   Mildred preceded him in death on December 11, 2009.  
Curly was a member of the Town and Country Christian Church and the Promise Keepers and Alva Moose lodge for many years.  He enjoyed woodcarving, fishing and playing cards.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, LaDonna and his wife, Mildred; one son, Gary Lee Morehart on December 28, 1972; one great-grandson, Colin Cole Peterman on March 7, 2008; four brothers, Johnny, Paul, Claude, and Carl Morehart; and two sisters, Lenice Joachims and Letha Spitzmiller.  
Murrel is survived by two daughters, Linda Sue Peterman and husband, Gary, of Alva, and Patsy Ruth Erskine and husband, John, of Lake Jackson, Texas; three step children, Charles Floyd Hada and wife, Edith, of Ensign, Kansas, Lloyd Hada and friend, Ronda, of Alva, and June Gray and husband, Paul, of Moore.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, Melissa Griffin and husband, Loy, of Oak Grove, Missouri, Heather Dodd of Tucson, Arizona, Chad Dodd and wife, Mona, of Oceanside, California, Scott Peterman of Shawnee, Todd Peterman and wife, Staci, of Noble, Oklahoma, Marsha Erskine of Spring, Texas, Leslie Huye and husband, Steve, of Missouri City, Texas, Vicki Hada of Ensign, Kansas, Paul Hada and wife, Jamie, of Marian, Iowa, Clifton Gray and wife, Lara, of Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Steven Gray of Moore, Oklahoma; ten great grandchildren, Maddie Peterman of Shawnee, Evan and Jordan Peterman of Noble, Oklahoma, Joshua and Lauren Huye of Missouri City, Texas, Benjamin Dodd of Oceanside, California, Mallory and Clay Griffin of Oak Grove, Missouri, William Gray of Tulsa, and Logan Hada of Marian, Iowa, other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Beadles Nursing Home Activity Fund.  
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			