Services for Ila Mae Terrel will be 10:30 a.m. Monday, July 14, 2014, at the Carmen Christian Church with Pastor Kirk Board officiating. Interment will follow in the Carmen City Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.  	    
Ila Mae Terrel was born August 5, 1928, at Helena, to Elisha E. And Myrtle Ellen (Gray) Morgan and passed away July 10, 2014, at Enid, at the age of 85 years, 11 months, and 5 days.  	    
She became a member of the First Christian Church of Carmen at the age of 9. She attended Carmen Public Schools.  	    
On November 9, 1947, she was united in marriage to Billy R. “Dick” Terrel in Cherokee. From this union came 6 children: Roberta, Richard, Stella, Glenda, Shawn, and Shane. She spent most of her life cooking in cafes and caring for children, which she loved and cared for dearly. Ila Mae was always known as Grandma T. Her family was her life, she was a homemaker in the true sense of the word and made generations of children at home in her house.  Beloved as grandma to countless children beyond her own, the “Choo Choo Song” comforted many children to sleep in her lap.  	    
She was also chief cook in Dick’s Custom Harvest Crew. Ila Mae lived most of her life in Carmen, until the last few years when she moved to a retirement home in Enid.  	    
Waiting for her at heavens gates are her parents, her husband, Dick; 10 brothers; 2 sisters; and a great grandson, Austin Taylor Hatton.  	    
Ila Mae is survived by 3 sons, Richard Terrel and his wife, Teri, of Sabetha, Kansas, Shawn Terrel and his wife, Lucinda, of Smithville, Missouri, and Shane Terrel and his wife, Julie, of Alva; 3 daughters, Roberta Donaldson and her husband, Brice, of Enid, Stella Hamen and her husband, J.B., of Cleo Springs, and Glenda Byrd and her husband, Ron, of Leasburg, Missouri.  	    
Also surviving are 15 grandchildren, Colleen, Troy, Tonya, Alycia, David, Michelle, Justin, Tammie, Kimberly, Mitchell, Kaitlin, Shayla, Nicholas, Kinsey, and Hunter; 15 great grandchildren, Tyler, Timmy, Travis, Tyler, Casey, Felix, Trenton, Krista, Katie, Aaron, Charlie, Michelle, Thad, Seth, and Michael; 1 great great granddaughter, Harper; other relatives and friends.  	    
Stella, I just want to say you made my life a lot better, you were always there for me when I needed you. Thank you, love, Mom  	    
Mitchell, my boy we were close. Thank you for calling me every night (saying I love you more). You couldn’t love me any more than I love you, as well as all of you. Love to all, Grandma “Be strong”  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Carmen Christian Church or the Carmen Park Fund. 
			