Graveside services for Pamela Ann Baltz will be 10:30 a.m. Saturday, March 28, 2015, at the Auburn Cemetery with Chuck Lightfoot officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  To get to the Auburn Cemetery, go east of Alva to the CR 500 (Dacoma Road), south three miles to Greer Road (5th Street), east five miles to CR 550, south two miles to Grady Road, then ½ mile east.  	    
Pamela Ann Baltz, daughter of the late Orville Lee and Skip (Carr) Free, was born August 17, 1946, in Tonkawa, Oklahoma, and passed away March 24, 2015, at Midwest City, Oklahoma, at the age of 68 years.  	    
Pam graduated from Sulphur High School and received her Bachelor’s Degree in Music and Education from Phillips University in Enid.  She taught elementary school in Wichita for several years.  On June 14, 1969, she was united in marriage to Dean Melvin Baltz in Sulpher, Oklahoma.  	    
In 1976 they moved to Alva where they purchased the Otasco Store which they owned and operated for many years.  She also served as Executive Director of the Alva Area Chamber of Commerce for about 10 years.  	    
She was a member of the Town and Country Christian Church where she served as song leader.  She was also a member of Beta Sigma Phi and Kiwanis.  She really enjoyed singing, laughing, and being around people. Later in life she enjoyed fishing and camping in the travel trailer with Dean.  Her grandchildren were always an important part of her life.  	    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Dean and one sister, Terry Cole.  	    
Pam is survived by two daughters, Shari Schuessler and husband, Keith, of Hutchinson, Kansas, and Laura Evans and husband, Tony, of Yukon, Oklahoma; five grandchildren, Brandon Schuessler and wife, Lindsey, of Salina, Kansas; Kevin Schuessler of Moore, Oklahoma; Holly Schuessler of Kansas City, and Hannah Evans and Zachary Evans, both of Yukon; one great granddaughter, Kennedy Schuessler of Salina; one brother, Dustin Free and wife, Mary, of Katy, Texas; and her brother-in-law, Leonard Cole of Athens, Texas, other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for Alzheimer’s research. 
			