William "Harold" Fiscus, son of the late Walter Ventine and Martha Walker Fiscus was born on November 27,1918 and and went home to his Lord July 1, 2011, at the age of 92 years,7 months and 4 days surrounded by loving family.  
He had lived the majority of his life in the Waynoka area, attending Waynoka schools, leaving before high school to return home to work with his family. Harold was a humble man, and always carried the regret of not finishing his education, but anyone that met him could tell immediately he was wise and resourceful, and his lifetime of success proved it. He was united in marriage to Louise Boland on August 26, 1940. In their 68 years of marriage he was a caring companion and care-giver to her and their love was endless. Into their marriage four children were born, with Barbara, the only surviving. They built their life around her, and cared for many children through the years. Their house being a home of laughter and love. He was a great role model to Phyllis Kay Poole, his nephew Bart Gaskill, other nieces, nephews, and grandchildren.    
He was a long-time resident of Waynoka, moving to Alva in the later years.  Harold was also a veteran of World War II having served as a technical sergeant while stationed in the Phillipines.  He was a proud Christian and long-serving superintendent and worker for the church in various capacities through the years. He was a member of the Morning Star Church in Waynoka, and the Church of God in Alva.   
He is fondly remembered as a tireless worker, as a harvest hand, on threshing crews, on the railroad, at the ice plant, as a soldier, for the City of Waynoka, and alongside his friends, family and neighbors on the farm.  
He was preceded in death by three infant children, his father, Walter Fiscus; his mother, Martha Walker Fiscus; and wife Louise Fiscus, sisters Violet Russell, Jody Petre, and Venita Sims, and brothers John and Stanley Fiscus.   
He is survived by his daughter, Barbara and husband, Bill Walcott, of Alva; his sister Verna Woolley of Waynoka, grandchildren Anjie Pepper and Clint Douglas of Castle Rock,CO, Garrett Pepper and wife, Krisi, of Waynoka, OK and six great-grandchildren, Colby, Mason and Samuel Pepper and Jacob, Will and Zarah Douglas. He is also survived by Bart Gaskill, and his wife Kay, children Brock and Blake Gaskill of Southlake, TX, and Phyllis Kay Poole and family , many other relatives and friends.  
A special thank you goes to the caregivers at Beadles Nursing Home and Share Hospice of Alva, OK. Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice. 
			