Funeral services for Floyd Albert Kysar, age 80, will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, April 17, 2007, at the Waynoka First United Methodist Church with Rev. Marvin Stuckey officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  The casket will be open at the funeral home until 12:30 p.m. Tuesday and will not be open at the church.  
Floyd Albert Kysar, son of the late Fletcher Derr and Bessie Juanita (Wilson) Kysar, was born November 7, 1926, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away April 14, 2007, at his home in Bristow, Oklahoma, at the age of 80 years, 5 months, and 7 days.  
After Floyd graduated from Waynoka High School, he enlisted in the United States Navy.  In 1948, he was united in marriage to Bonnie Lee Browning at Mooreland, Oklahoma.  He worked as an engineer for the Santa Fe Railroad for many years.  
He was a member of the Waynoka First United Methodist Church and a 32nd Degree member of Waynoka Masonic Lodge #422 and the Scottish Rite Consistory.  As an avid outdoorsman, he enjoyed hunting and fishing.  He also loved working with wood.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Bonnie, on February 7, 2003.  
Floyd is survived by three sons, Randy Kysar of Wichita, Kansas, Rick Kysar and his wife, Tina, of Garden City, Kansas, and Larry Kysar and his wife, Renee, of Bristow, Oklahoma; and three brothers, J. D. Kysar and his wife, Jeanne, of Waynoka, Sam Kysar and his wife, Oleta, of Bethany, Oklahoma, and Danny Strohmeyer and his wife, Linda, of Waynoka.  
Also surviving are eleven grandchildren, Jason Kysar and his wife, Molly, of Dallas, Texas, Kim Donaldson and her husband, Derek, of Mulvane, Kansas, Ryan Kysar of Wichita, Erica Kysar of Amarillo, Alysia Kysar of Amarillo, Zach Kysar of Amarillo, and Lexi Kysar of Garden City, Kansas, Cody Kysar and his wife, Valerie, of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, Kristyn Million and her husband, Mike, of Tulsa, Kaycie Kysar of Woodward, and Kelsie Kysar of Woodward; 6 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Heart Association. 
			