Funeral services for Janeauita Margaret Ging will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, March 17, 2014, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  Funeral services for Janeauita Margaret Ging will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, March 17, 2014, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating. Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  Janeauita Margaret Ging, daughter of the late Daniel Boone and Bengie Elizabeth (Garvin) Potts, was born June 20, 1914, at Carmen, Oklahoma, and passed away March 12, 2014, at Woodward, Oklahoma, at the age of 99 years, 8 months, and 22 days.  Janeauita attended Carmen Schools. On September 3, 1932, she was united in marriage to Charles Raymond Ging at Enid, Oklahoma. They lived on a farm in the Greenvalley until 1945 when they moved to a farm southeast of Dacoma. In 1951 they moved into Dacoma and in 1962 they moved to Waynoka. She helped on the farm and worked at the Dacoma Telephone office while living in Dacoma. While living in Waynoka, she worked at Miller’s Café, Wiley King Café, and for Roy and Helen Whipple.  She was a member of the Northside Church of Christ. She was a also a member of the Red Bird Social Club in Dacoma. She liked gardening and really enjoyed dancing. She loved to cook and always had an abundance of food even on a short notice.  Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Raymond, in 1976; one son, Harold Potts; one sister, Onie Deland; one granddaughter, Vickie Potts; and her prior room mate and special friend, Betty Wheat.  Janeauita is survived by two daughters, Darlene Inman and husband, Rolos, of Waynoka, and Dorene Strecker and husband, Don, of Fairview; and seven grandchildren, Marty Inman of Tulsa, Sandra Valenzuela and husband, Gabriel, of Tucson, Arizona, Sherry Martin and husband, Todd, of Tucson, Joan Duran and husband, Tom, of Tucson, Teresa Hoyer and husband, Howard, of San Bruno, California, Carla Martin and husband, Dale, of Pueblo, Colorado, Susan Jones and husband, Paul, of Chester; and her daughter-in-law, Celia Potts.  Also surviving are 11 great grandchildren, Theresa Hoyer, Joseph Hoyer, Jake Hoyer, and Sara Hoyer, all of San Bruno, California, Gabriel Valenzuela and wife, Katy, Sierra Lundeberg and husband, Adam, Colette Greenwalt and husband, Chris, Seth Duran, and Sophia Duran, all of Tucson, Arizona, Ragan Inman of Seiling, and Thomas Don Jones of Chester; 5 great great grandchildren, Jordan, Rene, Isabella, and Liliana Valenzuela, and Reydon Inman; a special friend and neighbor, Allez Jamison; other relatives and friends.  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Woodward Grace Living Center Activity Fund.  &nbsp; 
			