Funeral services for Charles Cecil Nieman will be 2:00 p.m. Monday, June 17, 2013, at the Alva Nazarene Church with Rev. Gregg Counce officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a time of visitation with the family, Sunday, June 16, 2013, from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. at the Funeral Home.    
Charles Cecil Nieman, son of the late Clarence Harry and Myrtle Thelma (Chambers) Nieman, was born November 10, 1935, on the home place west of Alva, and passed away June 12, 2013, at Boise City, Oklahoma, at the age of 77 years, 7 months, and 2 days.    
Charles graduated from Alva High School with the Class of 1953 where he was active in FFA, achieving his Junior Master Farmer Degree.  He was also on the Alva FFA team that won the National Meat Judging at the American Royal.  On June 28, 1958, he was united in marriage to Lois Yvonne Murrow at the Carmen Baptist Church.  He worked for Robert Brown Construction, Farmers Coop and Northwestern Oklahoma State University before he started Nieman’s Plumbing Heating and Air, which he ran until he retired.    
He enjoyed camping and fishing.  He was a big FFA supporter and a great fan of the Oklahoma State University Cowboys.  He greatly enjoyed watching his grandchildren participating in dance recitals, showing livestock, playing football, wrestling, and going to school activities.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his twin sister and brother, Lela Jean and Billy Dean Nieman; his granddaughter, Sarah Elizabeth Stroud; and his inlaws, J. E. And Grace Murrow.    
Charles is survived by his wife, Yvonne, of Alva; three children, Debbie Stroud and Tony Ishmael, of Alva, Roger Nieman and wife, Cathy, of Stillwater, and Jeff Nieman and wife, Sherri, of Ralston; two brothers, Dennis Nieman and wife, LaVona, of Tuttle, and Clifford Nieman and wife, Lauresta, of Guthrie; one sister, Jane McMurphy of Sharon; six grandchildren, Eric Stroud and wife, Elise, of Broken Arrow, Kimberly Stroud of Oklahoma City, Cody Nieman and wife, Charlie Dawn, of Skiatook, and Matthew Nieman, Andrew Nieman, and Elizabeth Nieman, all of Stillwater; two sisters-in-law, LaVida Anderson and husband, Elmo of Helena, and Wilma Jean Johnson of Liberal, Kansas; other relatives and many friends.    
In lieu of flowers, the family requests that memorial contributions be made through the funeral home to the MS Society. 
			