Graveside service for Charles King Bullard will be 3:00 p.m. Friday, May 30, 2008, at the Cheyenne Valley Cemetery at a site he selected himself with his chosen headstone already in place.  Jewel LeDou will be officiating.  Arrangements are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Charles King Bullard, son of the late Charles Ambrose and Sarah Olive (Bays) Bullard, was born in the first above-ground rock house that his grandfather and uncles built in 1894 on the Bullard Homestead one-half mile north of the Cheyenne Valley Cemetery, Cheyenne Valley, Oklahoma, on October 25, 1929, and passed away May 25, 2008, at Sheridan, Wyoming, at the age of 78 years and 7 months.  
King spent his career in the Signal Department of the AT&amp;SF Railway (now BN&amp;SF Railway), on the Colorado/Kansas Division.  He was a hunter, fisherman, camper, horseman, and wrote poetry, including the poem that is engraved on his headstone.  He also farmed and ranched when he lived where it was possible, raising pigs, cattle, chickens and horses.  King boated and skied.  He obtained a pilot?s license and restored a small aircraft.  He was a member of the Avon, Montana Baptist Church.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his son, Terry Kim Bullard and the mother of his children, Kathryn, and a nephew, Deanie Scobee.  
King is survived by four children, Jeanne K. Bullard, and her husband, Ken Rowland, of Sheridan, Wyoming, Kate L. Hollandsworth of Elliston, Montana, Marty K. Bullard of Iraq and Thailand, and Michael K. Bullard of Anchorage, Alaska and one granddaughter that he raised, Tina Halverson of Greeley, Colorado; five brothers and sisters, Lois Lea Emick of Lamar, Colorado, Alberta Joy Scobee and her husband, Eugene, of La Junta, Colorado, Keith Bullard and his wife, Marilyn, of Los Lunas, New Mexico, Jewel LeDou of Alva, Oklahoma and Seva Lou Bullard of Lawton, Oklahoma; eleven grandchildren, Tina Halverson, John Bullard, Heather and Holly Hollandsworth, Casey Harris, Charles and Charly Bullard, and Lauren, Hunter, Brooke and Kade Bullard; nineteen great-grandchildren; eleven nieces and nephews, Don, Ron and Rod Scobee, Dick Randles, Gayla Butler, Betty Fercking, Teresa Cogburn, Lorraine Pearson,  Deana Brockhuizen, Julie Helm, and Shelley Reed; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home for Cheyenne Valley Gymnasium or Cheyenne Valley Cemetery Fund. 
			