Funeral services for Nadine Joy Reed will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, August 21, 2013, at the Dacoma United Methodist Church with Rev. John Bizzell officiating.  Interment will be in the Garrison Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  	  Nadine Joy Reed, daughter of the late Chester Ira and Opal Marie (Sweeney) White, was born December 7, 1931, on the farm northwest of Dacoma, Oklahoma, and passed away August 18, 2013, at Lyons, Kansas, at the age of 81 years, 8 months, and 11 days.  	  Nadine graduated from Dacoma Highschool with the Class of 1949 and attended Northwestern State College.  While she was growing up, she had to help on the farm and hauled wheat to the elevator since she was 13 years old.  On August 24, 1952, she was united in marriage to the love of her life, Bob Reed, at her parents home in Dacoma, Oklahoma.  They made their home in Alva.  	  She was a member of the Dacoma United Methodist Church.  She was also an active member of the Household Executives Home Extension Group for almost 50 years, joining soon after the club was formed in 1960.  	  She enjoyed doing beautiful handwork and teaching her grandchildren and their friends to do many crafts like making small intricate boxes to hold special treasurers.  She loved playing bridge and continued to play with her friends after she went to the nursing home.  She really enjoyed looking for Carnival glass and Rose bowls when the “Bridge Club” took a trip to Red River.  She was a great cook and when Bob said, “Invite the gang over for a fish fry, I’m going fishing,” she knew there would be plenty of fresh bass or catfish to go with her slaw and whatever special dessert she made.  	  Nadine is survived by her husband, Bob, of Alva; two sons, Allyn Lee Reed of Alva, and Leland Don Reed of Dacoma; one daughter, Gayla Marie Schubert and husband, Jon, of Lyons, Kansas; seven grandchildren, Amy Seck and husband, Keith, of Hutchinson, Kansas, Lezlee Reed of Oklahoma City, Melissa Reed of Oklahoma City, Alicia Reed of Dacoma, Audrey Widman and husband, Mike, of Manhattan, Kansas, Dustin Schubert and wife, Christy, of Lyons, Kansas, and Tara Morasch and husband, Mason, of Kansas City; 13 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  	  Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Dacoma United Methodist Church. 
			