Funeral services for Melvin LeRoy Bixler will be 11:00 a.m. Friday, October 12, 2012, at the Waynoka Church of God with Rev. Ken Higgins officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka. 	 Melvin LeRoy Bixler, son of the late Roy Valentine and Gertie Mae (Boland) Bixler, was born November 14, 1924, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away October 9, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 87 years, 10 months and 26 days. 	 LeRoy grew up in Waynoka and attended school there.  At the age of 16 he tried to join the United States Navy but was unable to get his parents permission so he went to San Francisco and worked in the shipyard until he was drafted into the United States Army at the age of 18 and served his country in World War II.  He was one of the soldiers that landed on the beach of Normandy on D-Day. LeRoy was a very proud soldier and never forgot what an honor it was to serve his country. 	  On November 21, 1945, he was united in marriage to Rose Mary Gallo at San Antonio, Texas.  They made their home in Waynoka where they raised their two children.  After his retirement from the railroad, LeRoy enjoyed traveling and the last trip he took with Rose was to visit her family in Pennsylvania.  Rose preceded him in death on November 10, 1999. On July 15, 2000, LeRoy married Patsy Cook at Eureka Springs, Arkansas.  Through this marriage he inherited three stepchildren. 	 LeRoy was a member of the Waynoka Church of God.  He loved his family and his community.  He was a member of the Saddle Club, the American Legion, and was on the city council for a time.  LeRoy especially enjoyed working in his woodshop, making many things including his own sawhorses. Taking care of his "hip pocket? cat given to him by his step granddaughter, Kellie Whipple, was also one of his favorite hobbies. 	 Besides his parents and his wife, Rose, he was preceded in death by a brother, Leon Bixler, and a grandson, Chris Bixler. 	 He is survived by his wife, Patsy Bixler of Waynoka; one son, Terry Bixler and fiancee, Jan Roberts, of Amarillo, Texas, and one daughter, Patricia Furnish and husband, Frank, of Wichita, Kansas; two stepsons, Marty Ball and wife, Arnetta, of Amarillo, Texas, and Kenny Cook and wife, Amber, of Wetumka; one stepdaughter, Mandy Whipple and husband, Alan, of Waynoka; two brothers, Virgil Bixler of Kansas City and Albert Bixler of Waynoka; three sisters, Lorene Stow of Waynoka, Carolyn Edwards and husband, Wayne, of Amarillo, Texas, and Lois Janney and husband, Ralph, of Amarillo, Texas. Also surviving are 13 grandchildren, 17 great grandchildren, 1 great great grandchild, various cousins, other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Church of God or Share Medical Center. 
			