Funeral services for Myron J. Bradt will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, July 17, 2010, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale and Rev. Darrel Hardy officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
The casket will remain open at the funeral home until 11:00 a.m. Saturday and remain closed at the church.  
Myron J. Bradt, son of Rex Dale Bradt and the late Twila Valee (Castor) Bradt, was born May 14, 1957, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away July 11, 2010, at his favorite fishing hole southwest of Alva, at the age of 53 years, 1 month, and 27 days.  
A 1975 graduate from Freedom High School, Myron later graduated from Northwestern Oklahoma State University in 1979 with a degree in Industrial Arts.  On December 17, 1977, he was united in marriage to Charlene Susan Mallory at Alva, Oklahoma.  He farmed with his family in Harper, Woods, and Alfalfa Counties in Oklahoma.  
Myron was very active in the Republican Party, including serving as County Chairman for many years.  He was instrumental in helping the start up of Value Added Products in Alva.  He was awarded the Alva Area Chamber of Commerce Citizen of the Year in 2000 for the many contributions he made to his community.  
Myron was appointed by Governor Frank Keating to the Oklahoma International Trade Development Council, as well as numerous other state and county level committees.  
He was a member of the Alva First United Methodist Church where he served on many committees, as well as serving as Trustee Chairman.  He was also a member of the Antique Car Club and RACE (Race and Car Enthusiasts) in Alva.  
Besides his mother, Twila, he was preceded in death by one brother, Jerrel Burnell Bradt; and his step-mother, Edythe Bradt.  
Myron is survived by his wife, Charlene, of Alva; twin sons, Jerad Bradt and wife, JoDe, of Alva, and Nick Bradt and wife, Cara, of Alva; one daughter, Lisa Bradt, of Alva; his father, Rex Bradt, of Freedom; one brother, Gary Bradt and wife, Teresa, of Freedom; one sister, Anetta McIver, of Amarillo, Texas; one step brother, Darin Harris and wife, Denise, of Yukon; two grandchildren, Braylon and Brickman Bradt; his father and mother in-law, Wesley and Towanda Mallory, of Alva; his sister-in-law, Barbara Holman and husband, Robert, of Prague; other relatives and many friends.  
The family requests that, in lieu of flowers, memorial contributions be made through the funeral home to establish the Myron Bradt Scholarship for Speech, Theatre, and Debate scholarships. 
			