Memorial services for Jerrianne Hada will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, November 5, 2009, at the Alva First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.  At her request, she was cremated and will later be interred in the Hardtner Elwood Cemetery.  Arrangements are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Jerrianne Hada, daughter of the late David Leroy and Thelma Joyce (Rader) Hada, was born December 19, 1944, in the Alva General Hospital, and passed away November 1, 2009, at Share Convalescent Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 64 years, 10 months, and 13 days. 	 Jerrianne attended Alva Elementary School and moved to Hardtner in the 7th grade where she graduated from Hardtner High School.  She then received her Library Science degree from Northwestern Oklahoma State University and her Masters Degree from Emporia State College.  She worked 41 years as a librarian in Oklahoma and Kansas, including 2 years in Stuttgart, Germany.  Her last 18 years of teaching before her retirement were in Kingman, Kansas. 	 She was a member of the First United Methodist Church and Delat Kappa Gamma.  She was known as the family genealogist, tracking the Hada, Rader, and Miller families.  She won many prizes with her counted cross stitch projects.  She loved to travel and attended conventions in Europe and Australia, as well as all over the United States.  She was always very family oriented and everybody in the extended family always received a birthday card from her. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by a nephew, Kevin Gray. 	 Jerrianne is survived by two sisters, Dottie Gatz and husband, Joe, of Alva, and Kathy Ethington and husband, David, of Brea, California; five nieces and nephews and their families, Travis and Lauren Gray and Ashleigh of Alva, Marc and Amanda Cushing and Hannah of Littleton, Colorado, Doug Ethington and Dean Ethington of Brea, California, Amy and Dax Cheney and Azzie of Las Vegas, Nevada; her aunt, Rachel Province of Mulvane, Kansas; and two uncles, Roy Jackson of Alva, and Joe Rader of Hardtner, Kansas; other relatives and many friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the ALS Society or the NWOSU Foundation. 
			