Funeral services for Barbara Dee Gordon will be 10:30 a.m. Saturday, August 3, 2013, at the Alva First Baptist Church with Dr. Greg Hook officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
There will be a visitation with the family from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. Friday.    
Barbara Dee Gordon, daughter of the late Delmar and Olive (Doughty) Goucher, was born on January 23, 1930, in Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away July 29, 2013, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, at the age of 83 years 6 months and 6 days.    
Barbara was raised on a farm and went to school in Avard, OK with her sister Helen.  She graduated as valedictorian of her class and attended Northwestern State College where she met William Rufus “Bill” Gordon.  Bill and Barbara were married on July 9, 1948 at the First Christian Church in Avard.  She and Bill made their home in Alva where they raised three children, Judy, Janet, and Roger.     
Barbara was a bookkeeper at C.E. Loomis Furniture Company, she and Bill owned and operated Wardrobe Cleaners where she did alterations; she worked at Share Memorial Hospital and in both the offices of Dr. Hinkle and Dr. Shelton.  Barbara was a member of the FCE chapter of the OSU Home Extension Organization.  She chaired the Home Arts Division of the Woods County Fair.  She held many offices in Nescatunga Arts Council.    
Barbara was a faithful member of her Sunday School Class and sang in the choir at Alva First Baptist Church.  In the 1950’s, Bill and Barbara formed a Rook Club with several other couples.  They played Rook monthly for over 40 years in the same group.  Many happy memories were made over the years traveling with family and friends, attending the Ranger and Goldbug activities, and despite a four hour drive they rarely missed their grandchildren’s events.    
The last five years of her life were spent living with family in Oologah, Ok where she continued to participate in Sunday School and choir at Oologah First Baptist Church.    
Besides her parents, Barbara was preceded in death by her husband, Bill Gordon, her son, Roger Gordon, and her sister, Helen Gooch.    
Barbara is survived by two daughters, Judy Gilliam and husband, Bruce, of Tulsa, and Janet Helvick and husband, Bruce, of Talala; seven grandchildren, Jeremy Gilliam and wife, Sarah, Steven Gilliam, Emily Downum and husband, Charles, Bobby Parker and wife, Stefanie, Laura Kvam and husband, Jeff, Cindy Helvick, and Thomas Helvick; six great grandchildren, Kylee Parker, Kael Kvam, Ben Barber, C.J., Carson, and Madelyn Downum; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Baptist Church. 
			