Margaret A. McDonald, daughter of the late Albert and Alice R. (Wood) Crabtree, was born June 6, 1924, in Duncan, Oklahoma, and passed away May 24, 2007, in Owasso, Oklahoma, at the age of 82 years, 11 months, and 17 days. She graduated from Berryhill High School as the valedictorian with the Class of 1942. After graduation she worked at Spartan in Tulsa during World War II. After the war, Odell also went to work at Spartan where he met Margaret Crabtree. They fell in love and were married on November 10, 1946, in Turley, Oklahoma. They lived in Tulsa until they moved to Sperry in 1955.  
She received her Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Tulsa in January 1966. She taught at Sperry Elementary School for 20 years. She was a member of the First Baptist Church in Sperry where she taught Sunday School and was active in the WMU as well as many other church activities for many years.  
After retirement, she and Odell joined a square dancing club. They met many wonderful people and enjoyed square dancing until their health forced them to quit. She loved to cross stitch, collect thimbles, work jigsaw puzzles, and garden. She and Odell loved to travel and take cruises. She loved to cook for her family and also enjoyed having the grandchildren spend time with her.   
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Odell, and one sister, Eleanor Shreve.  
She is survived by three sons, Don McDonald and his wife, Judy, of Tulsa; Larry McDonald and his wife, Cheryl, of Plaines, Montana; and Billy McDonald and his wife, Mona, of Owasso; one daughter, Becky Marshall and her husband, Bill, of Alva; one brother, Norman Crabtree and his wife, Pat, of Wichita, Kansas; one sister, Cora Crabtree of Tulsa; 10 grandchildren, Brian Marshall, Melanie Blackwood and her husband, Mark, Rachel Smith and her husband, Jason, Matt McDonald, Meagan, Boston, and Callie McDonald, Jenni Dollahon and her husband, B.J., Timothy, and Steven McDonald; 3 great grandchildren, Naomi, Emilee, and Joselyn Blackwood; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cliff and Helen Grace Herrington ? Sperry Schools Foundation. 
			