Funeral services for Kenneth Conrad Kephart Sr., will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, January 16, 2008, at the Carmen United Methodist Church with Rev. Kenneth Smith and David Lemmon officiating. A family friend, Hugh Hairs, will deliver the eulogy. Interment will be in the Maple Grove Cemetery under the direction of Wentworth Mortuary, LLC.  
Kenneth Conrad Kephart, son of the late Harry Conrad and Irma Bell (Pierce) Kephart, was born March 17, 1935, in Carmen, Oklahoma, and passed away January 12, 2008, in Carmen, at the age of 72 years, 9 months, and 26 days.  
Kenneth first attended a one-room school at Yewed-Lambert, then continued at Carmen Public Schools.  He served 11?« years as a signalman in the United States Navy serving in Korea, Vietnam, and ports in the far eastern tour.  On April 29, 1967, he was united in marriage to Guadalupe Ornelas at the Catholic Church in Waynoka.  He attended barber school and worked as a barber in Manford, Oklahoma.  He also worked as a school bus driver, oil field dispatcher, and laundry supervisor in the Marshall Islands.  
He loved life and enjoyed driving around the Carmen Park and sight seeing the country side.  He was an easy going, mild-mannered man who lived life to the fullest.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his sister, Alice Marie Kephart.  
Kenneth is survived by his wife, Guadalupe Kephart of Enid, Oklahoma; two children, Kenneth Conrad Kephart, Jr. and his wife, Therese, of Carmen, and Xantippe Maria Bolar and her husband, Lynn, of Freedom; two brothers, Harry Kephart and his wife, Patsy, of Alva, Ronald Kephart and his wife, Jackie, of Carmen; and one sister, Patricia Wray Woffard of Fredrick.  
Also surviving are six grandchildren, Talem Garcia and her husband, Rene, of Enid; Luke and Lance Bolar, both of Freedom, and Siena, Sarita, and Shayla Kephart, all of Carmen; one great grandchild, Jaime Garcia, of Enid; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Share Hospice. 
			