Funeral services for Wiley Emil Schwerdtfeger will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, February 9, 2008, at the Alva Friends Church with Pastor Mark McDonald officiating.  Interment will be in the Capron Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation Friday at the funeral home from 7:00 to 8:00 p.m.  
Wiley Emil Schwerdtfeger, son of the late Otto John Christian and Millie (Erdman) Schwerdtfeger, was born December 16, 1918 on the farm southwest of Capron, and passed away February 7, 2008, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 89 years, 1 month, and 22 days.  
Wiley attended grade school at Belle View Country School before graduating from Capron High School with the Class of 1936.  He then attended Wichita Business College for one year.  On August 22, 1940, he was united in marriage to Lois Fern Shelite at Capron.  He lived on the farm near Capron where he farmed and ranched.  He moved to the Homestead in Alva after Lois passed away on February 14, 2004.  
Wiley was a member of the Alva Friends Church.  He was very civic minded and served on many boards, including the Grain Dealers Board for 22 years and the Co-op Board for 23 years.  He also served as an Election Board Judge for 40 years and was a member of the Gideons for 44 years.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Lois; one daughter, Vera Maxine Sterba on September 19, 1991; one grandchild, Kendall Schwerdtfeger; and two great grandchildren, Kamrin Schwerdtfeger and Dusty Schwerdtfeger.  
Wiley is survived by two sons, Clifford Schwerdtfeger of Capron and Dennis Schwerdtfeger of Pierre, South Dakota; two daughters, Gloria Rhodes and her husband, Roger, of Alva, and Diann Schwerdtfeger of Edmond; his twin brother, Wesley Schwerdtfeger and his wife, Winona, of Capron, and his brother, Edgar Schwerdtfeger and his wife, Virginia, of Alva.  
Also surviving are 10 grandchildren, Jeanetta Brattin and her husband, Craig, of Kiowa, Kansas, Brian Schwerdtfeger and his wife, Rita, of Cherokee, Oklahoma, Kyle Schwerdtfeger and his wife, Keri, of Stratford, Oklahoma, Colette Hayden and her husband, Charles, of Alva, Christine Harris and her husband, Derrick, of Enid, Oklahoma, Randall Rhodes and his wife, Lari, of Alva, Donise Cinnamon of Mooreland, Oklahoma, Mike Sterba of Houston, Texas, Lorisa Swindler and her husband, Chris, of Carmen, Oklahoma, and Daniel Schwerdtfeger of Oklahoma City; 17 great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Friends Church. 
			