Funeral services for Cleta Maxine Cell will be 2:00 p.m. Thursday, January 19, 2012, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Cleta Maxine Cell, daughter of the late Franklin Wayne and Emmie Mary Mae Cunningham, was born August 23, 1923, at Langston, Kansas, and passed away January 16, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 88 years, 4 months, and 23 days.  
Maxine attended Waynoka Schools.  On January 31, 1940, she was united in marriage to Carl Leroy "Skeet? Cell at Woodward, Oklahoma.  They made their home in Waynoka.  She was a homemaker until her children were out of school.  She then cleaned houses and worked at the flower shop.  
She had been an active member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church for 62 years, where she taught Sunday School, served as head of the kitchen for many years, and was a member of the Women?s Missionary Union.  She was also a member of the American Legion Ladies Auxiliary, the Red Hat Society, and the Wolf Club.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded by her husband, Skeet, on April 27, 1994; one infant daughter; six grandchildren; five great grandchildren; five brothers and sisters, Cordela Bradford, Leona Brown, Betty Ann Durkee, Frankie Cunningham, and Lauerance Cunningham; and one son-in-law, Robert Browning.  
Maxine is survived by eight children, Beverly Brummell and husband, Lanny, of Hatfield, Arkansas, Sammy Cell and wife, Melody, of Bazine, Kansas, Lester Cell and wife, Gayle, of Great Bend, Kansas, Etta Browning of Wichita, Kansas, Sara Carlson and husband, Denis, of Freedom, Carl Cell and wife, Tammy, of Nevada, Missouri, Charly Cell and wife, Karen, of Fairview, and David Cell and wife, Audrey, of Oklahoma City; two brothers, Ivan Cunningham and wife, Janie, of Waynoka, and Allan Cunningham and wife, Barbara, of Carmen; one sister, Doreen Balker and husband, Chuck, of Beaver; 35 grandchildren; 82 great grandchildren; 18 great great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Convalescent Restorative Fund or Share Hospice. 
			