Graveside services for Dorothy Louise Lansdown, 76, will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, January 19, 2007, at the Zion Lutheran Cemetery with Pastor Mark Bersche officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Dorothy Louise Emma Lansdown, daughter of the late Harry Alvin and Ida Charlotte (Popp) Rauh, was born August 2, 1930, on the farm southeast of Alva in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away January 17, 2007, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 76 years, 5 months, and 5 days.  
Dorothy attended Pleasant Valley School and Alva Lutheran School before graduating from Alva High School in 1947.  She also attended Northwestern State College.  She worked for Southwestern Bell Telephone Company as an operator and later in the office.  On October 28, 1950, she was united in marriage to Joseph Ray Lansdown at DeRidder, Louisiana.  After their marriage she worked for TG&amp;Y and at the NWOSU cafeteria for over 30 years.  
She was a member of the Zion Lutheran Church where she taught Sunday School and was a member of the Mary Martha Guild.  
Dorothy is survived by her husband, Joseph Ray Lansdown; one son, William Joseph Lansdown of Alva; one daughter Dorothy Jo Lansdown Taylor of Alva; one sister Verna Dubben of Alva; two grandchildren, Jordan Wade Taylor and his fianc?, Sara Oakley, and Jay William Taylor, both of Alva; three nieces, Cheryl Brooks of East Moline, Illinois, Mary Anne Rauh and her husband, Mark, of Alva, and Marsha Paris and her husband, Greg, of Capron; one nephew, Mark Dubben of Alva; one great nephew, Aaron Brooks of East Moline, Illinois; two aunts Edna Schuessler of Alva and Hilda Krueger of Rochester, Minnesota; a step mother, Anita Rauh of Alva; two step sisters, Margaret Pinegar of Alva, and Hazel Woodson of Farmington, New Mexico; three brothers-in-law, John Lansdown and his wife, Thelma of Ponca City, and Paul Lansdown and his wife, Maxine, of Enid; Clyde Bullard and his wife, Stella, of Enid; two sisters-in-law, JoRhea Lansdown of Alva and Grace Lansdown of Alva;  numerous other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Beadles Nursing Home Activity Fund or the Zion Lutheran Church. 
			