Hazel Pearl Manning, daughter of George J. and Tracy (Wenzel) Whittet, was born December 18, 1910, in Dacoma, Oklahoma, and passed away January 2, 2007, at Share Medical Center in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 96 years and 15 days.  
Hazel attended the Dacoma School and graduated as valedictorian of the 8th and 12th grades.  She graduated from Dacoma High School on May 17, 1929.  She was a member of the Honor Society.  She played the saxophone, piano, and violin in the United Brethren Church and school band and orchestra.  She attended the World Christian Endeavor Convention at Kansas City, Kansas.  
Hazel graduated from Northwestern State College with the Class of 1934. When she received a teacher?s certificate, she took time out of college to teach school at May, Oklahoma for two years, then returned to college and graduated with a double major, English and Primary Education.  Having gone to summer school each year, she graduated with her class.  She joined the Pi Kappa Sigma Sorority, band and orchestra.  She taught school at Billings, Oklahoma.  
On March 27, 1937, she was married to Robert R. Manning in her parents home in Dacoma.  To this marriage two children were born, Terry Dan and Judy Ann.  In 1948 they moved to Alva where Robert started teaching.  Hazel was president of the Longfellow PTA.  Later Hazel started teaching the second grade at Horace Mann.  When the Lincoln School was built, the Horace Mann grades moved to Lincoln School where she taught first grade until retirement on June 1, 1972.  She was a school teacher for 27 years.  
She was a member of the First United Methodist Church where she taught Sunday School, and was a longtime member of the W.M. Women?s group and a member of Mary Martha Circle.  She was also a member of Northwest Alumni Association, a past member of N. E. A., and a member of the Woods County Retired Educators.  She was a past member of the Jolly Housewives and the much loved Alva Research Club.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband; an infant brother; a sister, Opal M. Rice; a brother-in-law, Thornton Rice; and a nephew, Jerry Rice.  
Hazel is survived by her son, Terry Manning of Thailand; her daughter, Judy Pettit and her husband, Buddy, of Alva; four grandchildren, Tanya (Pettit) Sinibaldi and her husband, Earl of Santa Fe, Texas, Vanessa Pettit of Alva, Eric Manning and his wife, Mollie, of Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Dieter C. Manning and his wife, Becky of Tulsa; seven great grandchildren, Colton and Maci Sinibaldi, Nicky and Lauren Manning, and Andrea, Christopher, and Amy Manning; several nieces and nephews; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the First United Methodist Church of Alva.  
Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			