Blanche Mildred Belknap, daughter of the late John and Jessie Pearl (Whaley) Weber, was born November 30, 1910, at Carmen, Oklahoma, and passed away March 1, 2008, at the Methodist Care Center in Enid, Oklahoma, at the age of 97 years, 3 months, and 1 day.  
Blanche graduated from Carmen High School and Salt City Business College at Hutchinson, Kansas.  On March 27, 1937, she was united in marriage to Charlie Richard Belknap at Carmen.  She lived all of her life in Carmen where she worked at Young Hardware.  She later worked for Farmers Coop and Enid Elevator while helping her husband run the locker plant for a time.  She also worked at Wentworth Mortuary for 35 years until she retired at the age of 90.  
Blanche was an active member of the Carmen First Christian Church where she taught Sunday School for many years.  She was a Charter Member of The International Order of Rainbow for Girls and would have received her 75 year pin in Eastern Star this year.  She was also very civic minded and helped with many of the community activities in Carmen.  She enjoyed gardening, but despite all of her work and other activities, her family and friends were her first priority.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her beloved husband, Charlie; one brother, Johnnie Weber; and her son-in-law, Richard Brown.  
Blanche is survived by one son, Charles Belknap and his wife, Linda, of Enid; one daughter, Karen Brown of San Antonio, Texas; two brothers, Donald Weber of Enid, and Lester Weber and his wife, Mary, of Mustang; five grandchildren, Sharen Brown of Decatur, Illinois, Christopher Brown and his wife, Debbie, of Pearland, Texas, Brian Brown and his wife, Terri, of Waldorf, Maryland, Emilee Belknap of Enid, and Charles Robert Belknap of Enid; and four great grandchildren, Alana and Ashlyn Brown of Pearland, Texas, and Megan and Allison Brown of Waldorf, Maryland; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Carmen First Responders. 
			