Funeral services for Gerald Edward "Pete" Nutter will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, December 8, 2009, at the Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. John Smith officiating. Interment will be in the Memorial Hill Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Gerald Edward "Pete" Nutter, son of the late Albert Fair and Abbie Elizabeth (Cell) Nutter, was born August 30, 1928, on the farm north of Waynoka, and passed away December 6, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 81 years, 3 months, and 6 days.  
Pete attended the Rose Valley Elementary School before graduating from Waynoka High School with the class of 1947 and was active in FFA and football. As a boy growing up he liked hunting, swimming, playing marbles and horseback riding. He worked at the Waynoka Ice Plant while in school. He served four years in the United States Air Force graduated with letter of commendation from Far East Air Force Medical Training School in 1952. He worked as an x-ray technician in Japan and in Lubbock, Texas.  
On July 21, 1955, he was united in marriage to Ruth Ella Golbek. They moved to the farm north of Waynoka where he farmed and ranched. To this union five children were born, Catherine, Karen, Sharon, Cindy, and Ella. He worked as a contract pumper for several companies over the years. In the 1980&amp;s he and his brother, Don, helped pioneer the ostrich industry in Woods County.  
Pete attended the Morning Star Baptist Church most of his life. Later, he was involved in or had a membership in Northside Church of Christ, Hopeton Wesleyan Church, and the Waynoka First Christian Church. 	 Pete found salvation in Jesus Christ at a young age. He spent the rest of his life living for Him and trying to represent Him to others. The joy of his life was spending time with his family, loving and entertaining them with inventions and events. He also enjoyed writing, especially inspirational themes.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one daughter, Cindy Ann Nutter; three brothers, Alan Nutter, Jim Nutter, Ray Nutter; and one sister, Francis Geary.  
Pete is survived by his wife, Ruth, of Alva; four daughters, Cathy Hummel and husband, Sam, of Waynoka, Karen Watson of Waynoka, Sharon Inman and husband, James, of Waynoka, and Ellie Waggoner of Tulsa; four brothers, Aaron Nutter and wife, Dell, of Enid, Donald Nutter and wife, Lois, of Waynoka, Larry Nutter and wife, Jean, of Crescent, and Paul Nutter of Waynoka; and two sisters, Alberta Bissantz and husband, Louis, of Waynoka; and Linda Strohmeyer and husband, Dan, of Waynoka. 	 Also surviving are nine grandchildren, Shawna Johnson of Waynoka, Bobby Watson and wife, Raychel, of Waynoka, Tonya Esquibel and husband, Paul, of Alva, Josh Inman of Waynoka, Whitney Gum and husband, Garret, of Guthrie, Chelsea Bixler and husband, Blake, of Oklahoma City, Taylor Waggoner of Waynoka, Payton Smith of Tulsa, and Conner Smith of Redlands, California; four great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Samaritan?s Purse. 
			