Funeral services for Ernest D. “Sonny” Brawner will be11:00 a.m. Friday, November 7, 2014, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel.  Interment will be at 2:30 p.m. in the Vonton Cemetery southeast of Woodward, under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  There will be a visitation with the family present Thursday, November 6, from 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm at Marshall Funeral Home.  	    
Ernest D. “Sonny” Brawner, son of the late Ernest Franklin Brawner and Margaret (Guthrie) Merrell, was born October 6, 1950, at Woodward, Oklahoma, and passed  away November 2, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 64 years and 26 Days.  	    
Sonny graduated in 1969 from Cal Farley’s Boys Ranch in Amarillo, Texas.  He worked for the Texas Railroad Commission, then operated his own consulting company, LAMBS Consulting, before retiring in March of 2012.  	    
He was a member of the Central Baptist Church in Canadian, Texas.  He enjoyed camping, fishing, and horses.  	    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his grandson, Kollyn Cozens; and three siblings, Gary Merrell, Bobby Brawner, and Patsy Brawner.  	    
Sonny is survived by his daughters, Amanda Brawner Sacket and husband, Roger of Aline, Jessica Brawner Reim and husband, Chad, of Drummond; grandchildren, Beau Brawner Ingraham, Lillian Pearl Ingraham, Emma Elizabeth LeiAnne Brawner, Hannah Rose BreiAnne Buller, and Stephen Daniel Reim.   	    
He is also, survived by stepchildren, Amber Purcer and husband, Tim, of Lubbock, Texas, and their children, Ben and Landry Purcer; Brandi Waggoner and husband, Lee, of Lubbock, Texas, and their children, Sydney, Nick, and Dillon Waggoner; and Matt Laurent and wife, Lindsy, of Bowling Green, Ohio;  three siblings, Terry Swenn and wife, Marlene, of Alva, Linda Beeler and husband, Billy, of Alva, and Denise Wisley and husband, Rick of Seminole, Oklahoma; and other relatives and friends.  	    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Prayer Blanket Ministry.    
The service will be live streamed over the internet at the following website address:  http://citylinktv.com/channel/alva-marshall-funeral-home/ 
			