Funeral services for George Allen Durkee will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, February 16, 2007, at the First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
George Allen Durkee, son of the late Harry Alton and Jewell (Francis) Durkee, was born September 25, 1937, in Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away February 12, 2007, at his home in Waynoka, at the age of 69 years, 4 months, and 18 days.  
George attended Waynoka Schools.  He served in the United States Air Force during the Korean War and was discharged in 1958.  On December 18, 1957, he was united in marriage to Betty Ann Cunningham at Alva, Oklahoma.  They have always lived in the Waynoka area.  He worked at Lewis??? Turkey Farm, Hutchinson Feed Lot, Curtis Pumping Service, and McGinnis and Crawford Pipeline Company.   
He was a member of the Waynoka First Baptist Church and the Waynoka American Legion.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one grandson, James Allen Durkee; three brothers, Arthur Durkee, Harry Durkee and Roy Durkee; and one sister, Rosie Kornele.  
George is survived by his wife, Betty, of Waynoka, one son, Gregory Allen Durkee and his wife, Audrey, of Waynoka; two daughters, Linda Sue Durkee of Waynoka, and Lisa Kay Selvey and her husband, Jeff, of Waynoka; three brothers, Ed Durkee of Enid, David Durkee of Elkhart, Kansas, and Gary Durkee of Waynoka; and two sisters, Bonnie Roth and her husband, Thomas, of Harrington, Kansas, and Nina Durkee of Pasadena, Texas.  
Also surviving are ten grandchildren, Amy Sue Bradford and her husband, Michael, of Alva, Dustin Allen Durkee of Waynoka, Jeremy Lynn Durkee and his wife, Kara, of Waynoka, Matthew Lee Durkee of Waynoka, Stephanie Nicole Nance of Weatherford, Daniel Martin Nance of Enid, Kayla Ann Nance of Canton, Jeffrey Tanner Selvey of Waynoka, Abby Sue Selvey of Great Bend, Kansas, and Shawn Jack Selvey of Waynoka; four great grandchildren, Hallie Rae, Chloe Elizabeth, Hunter Lynn, and Haylie Jade; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made to the funeral home. 
			