Interment for Marion Francis Hiett will be 9:30 a.m. Wednesday, February 29, 2012, at the Alva Municipal Cemetery.  Memorial services will follow at 11:00 a.m. February 29, 2012, at the Alva Church of the Nazarene with Rev. Gregg Counce and Rev. Bill Kalfas officiating.  Services are under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Marion Francis Hiett, son of Mary Ruth (Beadles) Hiett and the late Charley Franklin Hiett, was born July 24, 1937, at Beadles Nursing Home in Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away February 26, 2012, at Beadles Nursing Home at the age of 74 years, 7 months, and 2 days.  
Marion lived in Alva all of his life and was in Alva High School Class of 1956.  He served in the Oklahoma National Guard.  On June 4, 1965, he was united in marriage to Barbara Joyce Kilmer at Alva.  He worked for OG&amp;E for 35 years until his retirement in 1994.  He also worked in the laundry and in many other capacities at Beadles for many years.  
Marion was a member of the Alva Church of the Nazarene where he served in many capacities, such as Sunday School teacher, Board Member, Trustee, Sunday School Superintendent, and Usher.  He was an antique glass collector and enjoyed walking, traveling, and visiting with the residents at the nursing home.  A past hobby of his was bowling and he was also an avid OU football fan.  
Besides his father, he was preceded in death by an infant brother, Billy Dean Hiett; one sister, Emma Jordan; one nephew, Robby Lynch; and one niece, Janice Terres.  
Marion is survived by his wife of 46 years, Barbara, of Alva; his mother, Ruth Hiett of Alva; two sisters, Charlotte Swain and husband, Roy, of Alva, and Marietta Lynch and husband, Doug, of Alva; three nephews, Adam Jordan and wife, Dayna, of Alva, David Huckabee and wife, Michele, of Alva, Michael Jordan and his girlfriend, Corey Thompson, of Oklahoma City; a brother-in-law and wife, Neal and Jody Kilmer of Las Cruces, New Mexico; many great nieces and nephews, other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Church of the Nazarene. 
			