Graveside services for Katherine "Kay? A. Nunnelee will be 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, July 22, 2009, at the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery with Ray Hull and Bill David Walker officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC. 	 Katherine A. Lowther Nunnelee, daughter of the late Albert W. And Katherine B. (Miller) Lowther, was born July 16, 1914, in Waynoka, Oklahoma, and passed away July 18, 2009, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 95 years and 2 days. 	 Katherine graduated from Waynoka High School in 1932 and went on to graduate at NWOSU in 1937 with a teaching degree.  She taught in Oklahoma for a few years before she married Horace C. Nunnelee on July 18, 1938.  After marriage they moved to California where she began her happy and enjoyable teaching career that lasted over 40 years. 	 She loved teaching and being around children.  Even though she never had children of her own, she became mother and grandmother to many.  Up until the time she moved back to Oklahoma, she kept in contact with a lot of her former students. 	 She loved her country and was very proud to be an Oklahoman and a citizen of the United States.  One of her most exciting and happiest times were traveling around the world and visiting different countries with her most cherished friends in California who knew her as Kay.  Her friends were so important to her and she treasured all their times together and could talk about them and their travels for hours. 	 Katherine returned to Oklahoma in June 2001, as she always considered this home. She resided at the Homestead in Alva and loved it there and enjoyed the people.  In March 2005, she moved into Share Convalescent Center.  She considered Share her school and all the people that worked there her students. 	 Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by an infant sister. 	 Katherine is survived by her extended family, Steven and Connie Redgate, Ryan, Dacia, Traben, and Tayen Redgate, and Dusty, Monica, and Kyler Shepard, all of Waynoka, and a host of friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the College Hill Church of Christ Bible Chair. 
			