Funeral services for Wesley Gene "Bud? Martin will be 2:00 p.m. Saturday, March 10, 2012, at the Alva Wesleyan Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.   Wesley Gene "Bud? Martin, son of the late John and Nellie Jane Martin and his adoptive parent, Polly Case, was born February 26, 1926, at Alva, Oklahoma, and passed away March 7, 2012, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 86 years and 10 days.  
Bud was united in marriage to Wanda Lee Haight and to this union two children were born, Patricia Ann and Evelyn Jean.  He lived most of his life in the Alva area.  He worked many jobs including the Alva Grain Elevator and Johnston Grain Company.  He also worked in Maysville, Oklahoma, on an oil rig and was a good mechanic, farmer/rancher, and cattleman.  In 1968 he was united in marriage to Treva Sue Long.    
In his earlier years, he was a race car enthusiast working with race cars and participating in car races.  In retirement years, he and his loving wife, Sue, enjoyed traveling in their camper and made many friends and fond memories.  Together they also enjoyed rock hunting, arrowhead hunting, and researching history on their property.  
He was a member of the First Baptist Church in Waynoka and loved the Lord.  He fought a courageous battle with cancer, always with the Lord and his wife, family and friends by his side.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his sister, Viola Martin Stewart and husband, Bill; his son-in-law Charles David Shearer; one nephew, Danny Stewart.  
Bud is survived by his wife, Sue Martin, of Alva; two daughters, Patricia Ann Shearer of Tulsa, and Evelyn Jean Hofen and husband, Elwyn Gene, of Alva; three grandsons and their families, Brian Gene Hofen and wife, Marissa Elaine, and their children, Madison Hope, Braden Isaac, and Brooks Matthew of Alva, Brent Elwyn Hofen and wife, Heather Esther, and their children, Emma Judith, Blake Charles, and Lauren Evelyn of Bend, Oregon, and Bradley Arlyn Hofen and wife, Ruchita Bradley and their child, Cassia Bradley of Alva and Nagpur, India; nephews, Billy Stewart and wife, Kathy, of Alva, Ed Stewart of Alva; nieces, Sharon Yeager and husband, Bill, of Woodward, and Janice Fisher and husband, Kirk, of Beaver; her niece-in-law, Jane Stewart; other relatives and many friends.  
He was a loving husband, dad, granddad, uncle, and friend and will be missed by many.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First Baptist Church or the Brad Hofen Ministries. 
			