Funeral services for Sandra Lee Halling will be 1:00 p.m., Friday, February, 20, 2015, at the Ft. Supply Methodist Church with Pastor Paul Cole and Chuck Lightfoot officiating.  Interment will be in the May Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Sandra Lee Halling was born to O. H. (Buzz) and Ruth Jones on November 25, 1939, and left this earthly world to join her mother, father, and brother, Archie Jones, in heaven on February 17, 2015.    
Sandra grew up and attended school in Fort Supply, Oklahoma, where she was active in sports and was a twirler for the Fort Supply marching band.  She was chosen to be Miss Fort Supply and represented her school in the Miss Cinderella Pageant her senior year.    
She married her high school sweetheart, Richard Kornele, and had three children, Kim, Yolanda and Rick.  She was always active in her children’s lives, never missing a basketball game or school activity.  She served as the Ft. Supply 4-H leader for years.    
Sandra went back to school after her children went off to college and graduated from Northwestern Oklahoma State University with a Masters in Psychology.  Sandra obtained certifications of LMFT, Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist, and LPC, Licensed Professional Counselor.  Sandra worked at Western State Hospital as a drug and rehab counselor and for St. Francis Hospital as a family counselor/psychologist before retiring and moving to Alva to be near her children and grandchildren.  Sandra had numerous health problems including a kidney transplant, but that did not stop her from attending all her children and grandchildren’s activities.    
Sandra was an active member of Town &amp; Country Christian Church, teaching Vacation Bible School, decorating for banquets, and attending regularly despite ill health.  She was a mentor at Alva Public Schools and a volunteer at Share convalescent Home and the Senior Citizens Center.  She had a great sense of humor and quick wit.    
Sandra is survived by her children, Kim (Kornele) Foster and husband, Stephen, Yolanda Kornele, and Rick Kornele and wife, Christie Kornele, all of Alva.  Sandra is also survived by her beloved grandchildren that she took every opportunity to brag about, Natasha Foster, Bradley Kornele and wife, Chelsea, Danielle Kornele, and Hannah Kornele, all of Alva; her sister-in-law, Lois Jones of Wylie, Texas; numerous nieces, nephews, cousins, and friends.    
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made through the funeral home to the Alva Community Theatre where she loved to attend plays and watch her granddaughter perform.  Sandra was greatly loved and will be greatly missed, and in this way her memory and show will go on. 
			