Funeral services will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, September 21, at the First United Methodist Church in Alva with the Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.  Burial will follow at Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home.  The casket will be open at the funeral home until 9:00 a.m. Saturday and will remain closed at the church.    
Betty Jo Gallon Pangburn was born on January 16, 1938 in Alva, Oklahoma, to Autmer A. and Pearl (Wright) Gallon. She entered into eternal life on September 17, 2013 after a two year battle with cancer. She was raised by her parents on a farm north of Alva with her two sisters.  The girls enjoyed their farm life and learned to cook and sew from their mother.  The sisters had so much fun living in the upstairs of the farmhome and they played lots of games, had tea parties and played dress up.    
Betty Jo has been a life-long resident of Alva. After graduating from Alva High School in 1956, Betty Jo received her Bachelors and Masters Degrees in Education from Northwestern Oklahoma State University.  On August 29, 1958, she was united in marriage to Dale Herman Ritter.  Two children were born to this marriage.     
On May 21, 1982, she was married to Donald Lee Bellah in Alva, Oklahoma. Together they enjoyed family gatherings and always had a large garden which they loved sharing with family and friends.  He preceded her in death on December 2, 2002.    
Betty Jo taught fourth grade in Cherokee, Oklahoma, for three years and then put her career on hold to be at home with her children.  In 1972 she was hired at Alva High School and held that position for twenty-three years, teaching many students how to cook, sew, decorate cakes and survive in the home.  Her greatest teaching reward was when students came years later and said the life skills they learned from her truly helped them; many even calling for cooking help years beyond school. She also served as chapter advisor of the Future Homemakers of America.           
On November 21, 2008 she married Samuel Wesley Pangburn in Alva, Oklahoma.  After celebrating their 50th class reunion these two lifelong friends and classmates were married. They enjoyed traveling to Europe, Hawaii, the East and West Coasts visiting friends and families.           
She was a member of the First United Methodist Church, United Methodist Women, We Are One Sunday School group and Mary Martha Circle.  In 1964 Betty Jo was one of the founding members of PEO Chapter ET and a 56 year member of the Delta Zeta. She was also a member of 20th Century, Delta Kappa Gamma,  Nescatunga Arts and Humanities Council, Holly Club,  Household Executive Extension Club, Friends of the Alva Library, and Republican Women.  She walked almost every morning with the Walkie Talkies and played in a bridge group.  She always enjoyed flowers in her garden.        
Grandmother tried to go to all the sports activities, piano and dance recitals, school programs, and church events. She loved sewing dresses for her young daughter and later her granddaughters and their dolls. She also created beautiful handwork.  Her dining room table was filled with family during holidays. Birthdays were celebrated with a cake and never-fail hot rolls.         
She was preceded in death by her parents, sister Nadine Marie Sternberger, and two infant brothers.      
Betty Jo is survived by her husband, Sam, of Alva; one son, Douglas Dale Ritter and his wife, Westline, of Alva and one daughter, Dana Kay Roark and her husband, Dan, of Kiowa, Kansas; five grandchildren, Rachel Nicole, Grant Douglas and Garrett Larson Ritter of Alva and Hailey Jo Roark of New York, New York and Courtney Jean Roark of Kiowa; one sister, Barbara Ann Bouziden of Alva.    
Also surviving are two step-daughters Shelly Taylor and her friend Al Anderson of Pottsboro, Texas and Andrea Koerbee of Sacremento, California;, one step-son Russell Pangburn and his wife Missy, of Columbia, Maryland; one step-daughter Peggy Rathmell and her husband John of Houston, Texas; and one step-son Mark Bellah; twelve step grandchildren; two step great grandchildren; other relatives and many friends.    
Betty Jo was a very strong and faithful servant for the Lord and a very good friend to many people.  She will be missed extremely but is truly now in a heavenly place without pain and suffering.    
Memorials may be given to the First United Methodist Church in Alva, Share Hospice, or the Myeloma Institute at the UAMS Foundation Fund. 
			