Memorial services for Gerree Smith will 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, February 12, 2014, at the Alva First Presbyterian Church with Rev. Judye Pistole officiating.  Gerree was cremated at her request.     
Gerree Coley Smith, 83, passed away on the evening of February 6, 2014 in Oklahoma City. She was being visited and comforted by family members at Bellevue Health and Rehabilitation at the time of her passing.     
Gerree was born on January 19, 1931 in Hollis, OK, the first child of Harry and Frances Phillips Coley. She graduated from Hollis High School in 1949. After high school, she attended the University of Oklahoma.     
Gerree met Herb Smith in Oklahoma City through her aunt Grace Newman in 1955, and they married on November 24 of that year in Hollis. They lived in Norman, where their first child Lynn was born, while Herb attended the OU Law School. After earning his degree in 1958, they moved to Alva where Herb opened his law practice and Gerree was his legal secretary for the first few years. While expecting their third child Lisa in 1963, they built the house on Apache Drive where they raised their family and lived together for the rest of their lives. They were happily married for 55 years.     
Gerree was a member of the First Presbyterian Church and was involved with the Nescatunga Arts &amp; Humanities Council, Oklahoma Community Theater Association, ACT I, PEO, and Presbyterian Women. She served as alternate delegate for Oklahoma at the 1980 Democratic National Convention.  She enjoyed music and singing with her church choir.    
Gerree was preceded in death by her parents, husband Herb, brother Jim Coley, and son-in-law Allen Helms.    
Gerree is survived by her daughters Lynn Helms of Austin, Texas  and Lisa (Ed Perkins) of Oklahoma City, son Dean (Katherine Hall) of Seattle; brother Harry (Lana) of Dallas, sister Mary of Tulsa; grandchildren Megan Helms, Bryan Helms (Linnea), and Asia Perkins; and her in-laws, nieces and nephews and other relatives.    
Memorial contributions may be made to the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation or the Alva First Presbyterian Church. 
			