Jessie June Hickman, daughter of the late William Franklin and Elsie Blanche (Curtis) Harris, was born June 8, 1915, in Woods County, Oklahoma, and passed away June 23, 2014, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 99 years and 15 days.    
She attended rural school in the Green Valley area. On August 9, 1935, she was united in marriage to Everett George Hickman. They lived in the Green Valley area and moved later to five miles south west of Dacoma. In 1966 they moved to Dacoma.    
Jessie worked several years as an operator at the Dacoma Telephone Office, sold Fuller products, worked at the school kitchen, cleaned houses and churches, and helped care for others.    
She attended the Dacoma United Methodist Church, becoming a member in September 1986. She enjoyed the church and always brought good fried chicken to the dinners. She loved and enjoyed her family, grandchildren, and great grandchildren, as well as all of her friends and neighbors.    
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Everett on March 12, 1980; three brothers, Glenn Harris, Lee Harris, and Vern Harris; and two sisters, Winnie Harris and Josephine Shipley.    
Jessie is survived by three sons, Frank Hickman and wife, Karen, of Chanute, Kansas, Bill Hickman and wife, Connie, of Fredericksburg, Texas, and Steve Hickman and wife, Cathy, of Cherokee; nine grandchildren, Rick Hickman of Girard, Kansas, Angela Rodriguez and husband, Gabe, of New Braunsfel, Texas, Tiffany Tiegreen and husband, Chip, of Chanute, Kansas, Lori Ohl and husband, Kenny, of Chanute, Kansas, Shelly Hageman of Strathroy, Ontario, Canada, Heather Reames and husband, Wes, of Anthony, Kansas, Blake Hickman of Lahoma, Speaker Jeffrey Hickman and wife, Jana, of Fairview, Jeremy Hickman and wife, Megan, of Helena; 21 great grandchildren; sisters-in law, Gladys Wilt of Alva and Oleta Snow of Erick; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Cherokee Boys Track Fund. 
			