Funeral services for Darold D. McMurphy will be 10:00 a.m. Monday, October 21, 2013, at the First United Methodist Church with Rev. Terry Martindale officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Darold McMurphy, son of the late Frank David and Beulah Mae (Lyon) McMurphy was born September 2, 1931, in Woods County, Oklahoma.  He passed away October 17, 2013, at Share Convalescent Home in Alva, at the age of 82 years, 1 months, and 15 days.    
He graduated from Farry High School with the class of 1950 and attended Northwestern State Teacher’s College.  Darold served in the United States Army during the Korean Conflict, stationed in Korea and Japan and was honorably discharged with the rank of Sergeant First Class.  Darold and his brother, Verlin began McMurphy Plumbing, Heating and Air Conditioning business in 1955 and retired from that business in 2000.     
On June 26, 1955, he married Cleta Ann Wolgamott at her grandparents home west of Hardtner, Kansas.      
Darold was a lifetime member of the VFW and enjoyed camping, hunting and fishing with his family and was especially close to his grandchildren and great grandchildren.    
He was preceded in death by his parents.    
Darold is survived by his wife, Cleta Ann, of Alva; a son, Randy McMurphy and his wife Paula, of Alva, a daughter, DeAnna Gregory and her husband, Jim, of Oklahoma City;  a sister, Doris Lockhart and her husband, James, of Kansas City, KS, a brother, Verlin McMurphy and his wife, Betty, of Alva; a brother-in-law, David Wolgamott and his wife, Carol, of Hardtner, Kansas and sister-in-law Pearl Myers and her husband, Dale, of Wheaton, Missouri; two aunts, Irene McMurphy, of Woodward, and Irene McMurphy, of Fairview .    
He is also survived by four grandsons, Cody McMurphy and his wife, Megan, of Alva, Casey McMurphy and his wife Tracy, of Edmond, Derek (D. J.) Gregory and his wife Sarah, of Piedmont, and Chad Gregory of Midland, Texas; six great-grandchildren, Avery, Reece, Layton, Grayson, Braedyn, and Caylee; numerous nieces, nephews, other family and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Alva First United Methodist Church or Share Convalescent Home. 
			