Funeral services for Garland Eugene Quarles will be 2:00 p.m. Friday, July 23, 2010,  at the First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
The family will be at 1565 High Street in Waynoka.  
Garland Eugene Quarles, son of William Richard and Rachel (Smith) Quarles, was born May 20, 1925, in Red River County, Texas, and passed away July 19, 2010, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 1 month, and 29 days.  
After Garland graduated from Clarksville High School in Clarksville, Texas, he attended Paris Jr. College in Paris, Texas.  He served in the United States Navy from 1943 to 1946.  On November 17, 1962, he was united in marriage to Wilma Alice Roach in Grants, New Mexico.  He worked as a manager at Levines which sold clothing and general merchandise.  He worked for the company for 40 years until he retired in 1988.  He moved to Waynoka shortly thereafter.    
He was a member of the First Baptist Church.  He was also a member of Waynoka Masonic Lodge #422 where he served as a Past Master.  He enjoyed remodeling houses.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Wilma, on July 5, 2010; two step sons, Johnny Quarles and Billy Quarles; one sister, Thelma Bryson; and two brothers, Thurman Quarles, and Billy Quarles.  
Garland is survived by his step daughter, Sherry Belleau and husband, Bill, of Hill City, Kansas; one sister, Dorothy Mason, of North Carolina; eleven grandchildren, Fred Slater and wife, Lanna, of Fairview, Oklahoma, Clay Martin and wife, Tessa, of Stillwater, Stacee Roberts and husband, Darrell, of Korea, Garalyn Bruner and husband, Yusef, of Carrollton, Texas, John Quarles of Enid, Nikki Quarles of Enid, Dusty Quarles ofEl Reno, and Katy Quarles of Enid; Amy Cole and fianc?, Richard Garcia, of Socorro, New Mexico, Sara Curttright and husband, Karson, of Enid, and Maleah Sternberg of Mcloud; 14 great grandchildren, Cody Slater, Hunter Slater, Brack Slater, Braylee Turner, Garrick Martin, Ryker Martin, Jalen Slater, Airyana Bruner, Jaxon Tabor, Andrea McMurray, Sydney Quarles, Tyler, Chance and Dylan Cole; one daughter-in-law, Wendy Quarles, of Enid; his sister-in-law, Tommie Quarles, of Texas; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Share Convalescent Center Activity Fund. 
			