Graveside services for Opal Murray will be 11:00 a.m.,Thursday, March 29, 2007, at the Pleasant Ridge Cemetery southwest of Aline, with Pastor David Shaw officiating.  Interment is under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Opal Murray, daughter of the late Ruben and Madge (Little) Marshall, was born November 4, 1903, near Hunnewell, Kansas, and died March 22, 2007, at the Waynoka Nursing Center in Waynoka, Oklahoma at the age of 103 years, 4 months, and 18 days. 	 The family later moved to Oklahoma and she attended rural school at Valley Green in southern Woods county.  On May 16, 1923, she was united in marriage to Frank Clow and they lived in what was known as the Oakdale Community.  To this union two children were born, Lela Faye and Dale.  Frank died February 18, 1931.  Opal continued to live in the community and worked doing washing, ironing and housework to make a living for the family, receiving some help from the Marshall and Clow families in caring for Faye and Dale. 	 On November 30, 1945, Opal was united in marriage to Jerry Murray at Hot Springs, New Mexico.  They lived on a farm east of Waynoka in the Greensburg area and later moved to Waynoka.  Jerry died on June 2, 1984, and Opal continued to live in town.  She would drive out to Boyd and Gayles Hill to help plant, work the garden and can beans, pickles and tomatoes, as long as she was able to.  They had always had a garden, so she enjoyed doing this.  Opal had lived at the Waynoka Nursing Center since 1999. 	 She was a very caring person and loved her grandkids. 	 Besides her parents and her husbands, she was preceded in death by her daughter, Faye Hood, on December 19, 1983; and three sisters, Ruth Morse, Ruby Bethwith, Euvie Easterling,;  her brother, Wayne Marshall; and two grandchildren. 	 She is survived by her son Dale Clow and his wife, Theonia, of Hayward, California; her step-daughter Gayles Hill and her husband, Boyd, of Carmen; her sister-in-law, Inez Marshall of Helena; six grandchildren, Jimmy Clow, Janice Fortune, Brenda Butler, Steve Hood, LaDonna Brown, and Larry Hill; ten great grandchildren; other relatives and friends. 	 Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka Nursing Center or the charity of your choice. 
			