Funeral services for Irvin Gale Mullins will be 10:30 a.m. Tuesday, July 22, 2008, at the Waynoka First Christian Church with Rev. Aaron Nutter and Rev. Mike Paddy officiating. The casket will remain closed at the church.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.  
Irvin Gale Mullins, son of the late William Oscar and Clara Eva (Atkinson) Mullins, was born September 7, 1925, at Quinlan, Oklahoma, and passed away July 17, 2008, on his farm east of Quinlan, at the age of 82 years, 10 months, and 10 days.  
Irvin graduated from Quinlan High School. After graduation, he enlisted in the United States Navy where he served on the U. S. S. Hornsby. On July 23, 1946, he was united in marriage to Leveda Erlene Stevens at Medicine Lodge, Kansas. They made their home in Waynoka where he worked as a Crew Clerk for the Santa Fe Railroad. He also farmed and ranched his entire life.  
He was an active member of the Waynoka First Christian Church where he served on the board. He was very active in his community helping the Saddle Club with the Snake Hunt, giving tours for the Historical Society, and helping with the gate and concessions at the rodeo. He enjoyed going to reunions with his Navy shipmates.  
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one son, Thomas Kent Mullins and one sister, Leota Million.  
Irvin is survived by his wife, Erlene, of Waynoka; two sons, Irvin Allen Mullins and his wife, Carrie, of Waynoka, and Michael Kelly Mullins and his wife, Georgia, of Avard; and one sister, Leona Rickman of Oklahoma City.  
Also surviving are 11 grandchildren, Kim Watkins of Shawnee, Oklahoma, Travis Mullins and wife, T. J., of Salt Lake City, Utah, Brian Mullins and wife, Norma, of Happy, Texas,, Sean Mullins and wife, Rachel, of Mooreland, Cody Mullins of Weatherford, Texas, Kevin Mullins of Weatherford, Texas, David Balch and wife, Angie, of Cleveland, Oklahoma, Michael Balch and wife, Tammy, of Sapulpa, Oklahoma, Kevin Balch of Sand Springs, Oklahoma, Scott Balch and wife, Betty, of Sapulpa, Oklahoma, and Marsha Bower and husband, Justin, of Woodward; 22 great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka First Christian Church. 
			