Memorial services for Reverend James Willard Hanes will be 11:00 a.m. Saturday, November 1, 2014, at the Cheyenne Valley United Methodist Church with Pastor Barbara Fyffe officiating.  At his request, Jim donated his body to medical science under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Reverend James Willard Hanes, son of the late Elwood and Geneva (Hannah) Hanes, was born July 10, 1931, at Hall Summitt, Louisiana, and passed away October 22, 2014, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 83 years, 3 months, and 12 days.     
Jim graduated high school after attending school in Louisiana and Texas.  On November 18, 1948, he enlisted in the United States Air Force.  On November 19, 1951, he was united in marriage to Nancy Eubanks in Newport, Rhode Island, by a Navy Chaplain.  After 21 years of service, he retired from the Air Force as a Master Sergeant.    
After his retirement from the Air Force, they moved to Oklahoma City where he worked at Metropolitan Heat and Air for ten years.  He came home from work one day and informed Nancy that he felt called into the ministry.  He served as pastor in United Methodist Churches in Crescent, Mountain View, and Waynoka-Cheyenne Valley before retiring in 1994.  At that time he owned and operated Jim’s Sand Toys with his son, Jimmy, until 2007, when they sold the company.    
He was a member of the United Methodist Church and Waynoka Masonic Lodge #422.  He was an avid hunter and enjoyed fishing.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by his siblings, Peggy Rudisill, Charlsie, and Elton Griffin.    
Jim is survived by his wife, Nancy, of Waynoka; one son, James Willard Hanes, Jr., and wife, Bobbie, of Mountain View; and Reverend Pamela Hanes Zolczer, of McKinney, Texas; six grandchildren, Brant Hanes of Kansas, Tara Hanes of Mountain View, Forrest Zolczer and wife, Sonya, of Pueblo, Colorado, Meagan Langford and Carissa and Rowdy Albert, all of Mountain View; two great grandchildren, Marshal and Mason Zolczer of Pueblo, Colorado; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka or the Cheyenne Valley United Methodist Church or the charity of your choice. 
			