Funeral services for Helen Louise Thorne will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, October 15, 2008, at the Hunter United Methodist Church. There will be an Eastern Star Service at 7:00 p.m., Tuesday, October 14, 2008, at the Marshall Funeral Home.  Burial will be at the White Cemetery, near Hunter, Oklahoma under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Helen Louise (Young) Thorne, daughter of the late John William and Luzilla (Cochran) Young, was born November 17, 1922, on a farm at Hunter, Oklahoma,  and passed away October 11, 2008, at the Share Medical Center, Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 85 years, 10 months, and 24 days.  
She was raised in the Hunter community, graduating from Hunter Public School.  Helen was a Beautician, graduating from Moore Beauty College in Enid, Oklahoma.    
On October 9, 1942, she married Lawrence Raymon Thorne in the Hunter Methodist Church.  They made their home in Wichita, Kansas until his enlistment into the United States Navy.  In 1946, they returned to Hunter, farming and raising cattle for forty years.  In 1986, they retired and moved into Hunter.  
After the death of her husband on April 12, 1997, she moved to Alva, Oklahoma in 1998 to be near their two children, Larry Ray Thorne and Diana Kay Lott.  
Helen was a member of the Hunter United Methodist Church, an affiliated member of the Alva United Methodist Church, and was a Sunday School teacher for several years.  In Alva, she continued to work with the Alva U. M. W. and was a member of the Priscilla Circle.  She also volunteered at the Share Convalescent Home and the Oklahoma Blood Institute Drives.  She was a member of Chapter C P.E.O. and the Alva Eastern Star, Chapter #97.  
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Lawrence, daughter, Kay Lott in 2001 and daughter-in-law, Shirley Jo Thorne in 2000; two brothers-in-law, Leonard Thorne and Harold Johnson.  
She is survived by her son, Larry Ray Thorne of Alva, Oklahoma; two grandsons, Jason Lott and his wife, Kathy, of Supulpa, Oklahoma , James Lott and his wife, Kimberly, of Alva; one son-in-law, Dr. Gary Lott and his wife, Melanie, of Alva; four great-grandsons, Carson, Conner, and Cade Lott of Supulpa and Brady Lott of Alva.  
She is also survived by one sister, Phillis Campbell and her husband, Kendall, of Enid, Oklahoma, three sisters-in-law, Leah Wilson and her husband, Roy of Hunter, Arlis Johnson Reynolds of Laguana Woods, California and Dorothy Thorne of Enid; one brother-in-law, Forrest Johnson and his wife, Marylin of Atascadero, California, several nieces, nephews, and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Hunter United Methodist Church or the Northwestern Oklahoma State University Foundation. 
			