Funeral services for Wayne Loyd Lane will be 2:00 PM Thursday, October 24, 2013, at the First United Methodist Church (Alva, OK) with Rev. Mike Taylor and James Smith officiating. Interment will be in the Short Springs Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.    
Wayne Loyd Lane, son of Perry Lee and Arvilla Cheek Lane, was born October 16, 1924, in Eldorado, (Jackson  County), Oklahoma, and went to be with our Lord October 20, 2013, four days after his 89th birthday.  	  Wayne graduated from Eldorado High School, proud home of The Panthers. He received his Bachelors and Masters Degree in Journalism from the University of Oklahoma, while also serving as the campus newspaper’s editor. On November 1, 1945, he married Iris Lee Hill in Quanah, Texas. From this union came their children Stacie and Mike.    	  Wayne spent 2 ½ years in service to his country as Aerial  Gunnery Instructor in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II.  He worked at the Wichita Daily Times in Wichita Falls, Texas, until 1959, when he accepted the public relations director position at Northwestern Oklahoma State University (NWOSU) in Alva, OK.  	  On April 24, 1976, he was united in marriage to Bettielou Geis at Alva, Oklahoma, beautifully blending her children, Bryan, Craig, Kurt and Rachel, into this family.  	During his career Wayne also taught journalism classes, supervised the publications of the Northwestern News and yearbook, served on the NWOSU Hall of Fame Committee, served as Public Relations Chairman, led the development of the mass communications department, and authored the book Northwestern: A Centennial History, the definitive history of NWOSU. Through his hard work and dedication to the University, he obtained the honor of Professor Emeritus, also serving as chair of the journalism department.  He continued teaching part time for 12 years at the Alva and Woodward campuses.   He is remembered by the many students and faculty members whose lives were impacted by his quiet, patient spirit.  He’s been honored with the John Sheffield Teacher of the Year Award (1987), the Faculty Senate Service Award (1981), honorary membership in Kappa Delta Pi education society (1980), and the Nescatunga Arts and Humanities Council’s service award (1982). He was currently serving as co-chair of the NWOSU Foundation Historical Preservation Taskforce, with long-time friend Johnny Barton.  	  NWOSU Ranger Homecoming was always a significant event for Wayne every year, serving as Homecoming Chairman and being honored as Parade Marshall (1991). He retired from the NWOSU staff in January, 1988, after 28 ½ years with the institution.  Even after retirement, his continued devotion to NWOSU was reflected in his involvement as director of the Northwestern News Bureau. He also served on the executive board of the Oklahoma Retired Educators Association, and as president of the Woods County Retired Educators Association.  	  Wayne was a very active member of the Alva First Baptist Church, where he sang in the choir and the men’s quartet, served as Deacon, taught Sunday school class many years, represented his church at the Baptist General Convention, and served on numerous committees through the years. He was also an active member of the Alva Masonic Lodge #105 and the Scottish Rite and the York Rite bodies of the Masonic Organization by serving in several offices to cooking hamburgers and pancakes for fund raisers and other events where the lodge was involved, culminating in Nov. 2010 by receiving the Masonic Medal of Honor.  He served as Alva City Clerk for 24 years,  recently retiring and was instrumental in the formation of the Red Carpet Country, serving president of the board of directors, and edited the organization’s promotional publication “Red Carpet Country News.”  	  Besides his parents, Wayne was preceded in death by one sister, Verna Clay Abbott.  	  Wayne is survived by his wife, Bettielou, of Alva; daughter Stacie Nan Jones and husband, Kenneth, of Greensburg, Pennsylvania; son Bryan Stephenson of Woodward; son Craig Stephenson of Moore; son Mike Lane and wife, Jill, of Ponca City; son Kurt Stephenson of Oklahoma City; and daughter Rachel Stewart and husband, Chad, of Alva; sisters Venita Davis of Altus, and Wilma Jo Miner of Tulsa.  	  Also surviving are grandchildren Kenny Jones and wife, Bernice, of Lubbock, TX and Michael Jones of Greensburg, PA; Marcus Stephenson and wife, Amber, of Yukon and Nicole Bryant and husband, Tyler, of Woodward; Nia Stephenson of Oklahoma City and Jeremy Stephenson and wife, Crystal, of Moore and David Stephenson of Moore; Sarah Liner and her husband, Cameron, of Boston, MA and Micah Jauregui and husband, Ruben, of Tonkawa; Duncan and Dane Stephenson of Newton, KS, and Jessica Stephenson of Wichita, KS; and Carter and Stephanie Spellman and Jacob Stewart of Alva; 7 great-grandchildren with many other relatives and friends.  	  In lieu of flowers, the family suggests memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Wayne Lane Scholarship Fund at the NWOSU Foundation or the Alva First Baptist Church Foundation.  	  Remembrances may be shared with the family at www.marshallfuneralhomes.com. 
			