Funeral services for Mary Margaret Gatz will be 2:00 p.m., Friday, August 1, 2008 at Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. William S. Kalfas, pastor of the Alva Church of the Nazarene officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.   
Mary Margaret Gatz, daughter of the late Phillip Wendlin and Anna Eva (Bauler) Eggestein, was born September 26, 1914, on her parents farm southwest of Capron, Oklahoma, and passed away July 28, 2008, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma,  at the age of 93 years, 10 months, and 2 days.  
Mary attended Bellview District #21 country school near her home in Capron, Oklahoma, during her elementary education and then attended Sacred Heart Catholic School until her graduation in 1928.  On August 10, 1935, she was united in marriage with LeRoy Gatz, who preceded her on October 4, 1985.  Three  children were born to this union, Don, Alfreda, and Fred.  In 1961, Mary and LeRoy built a new home in Alva, where she resided until poor health became an issue in 2006.  In 1978, they both retired from farming and ranching.  
Mary enjoyed traveling with LeRoy to California to visit their son and family.  She also enjoyed camping and fishing at the Great Salt Plains Reservoir and with neighbors and friends at their "private" ponds.  One of her most memorable events of her life was the trip to Canada to fish for salmon.  At age 72, she experienced her first airplane trip to visit relatives in Wisconsin, later flying to California.   
Besides her parents she was preceded in death by her husband, LeRoy, whom she shared 50 years of marriage; her brothers, Francis, Vincent, Billy, and daughter-in-law, Joanie Gatz.   
Mary is survived by her children,  Don Gatz of Turlock, California, Alfreda Wirtz, and husband, Kent, of Oklahoma City, and Fred Gatz, and wife, Karen, of Yukon, Oklahoma.  
She is also survived by her eight grandchildren, Mike Johnson and wife, Theresa, of Del City, Oklahoma, Pat Johnson and wife, Cheryl, of Oklahoma City, Tina Robinson and husband, Bill, of Norman, Oklahoma, John Gatz of Bethany, Oklahoma, Julie Marley and husband, Craig, of  Piedmont, Oklahoma, Tracy Gatz and wife, Janice, of LaGrange, California, Dennis Gatz of Texas, and Gary Gatz and wife, Glenda, of Piedmont, Oklahoma.   
Also surviving are her twelve great-grandchildren, Sam and Shannon Robinson of  Weatherford, Texas, Sara Robinson of  Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Zane and Melissa Johnson, of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Jerrod and Johathan Gatz of Yukon, Oklahoma, James Johnson of Norman, Oklahoma, Jessi Johnson of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Blake and Barron Marley of Piedmont, Oklahoma and Chandler and Cheldon Gatz of Peidmont, Oklahoma; and two great great grandchildren, Zayden Michael Watkins of Del City, and Talon Robert Johnson of Del City; and Zoe Marie Robinson who is due in September; other relatives and friends.  
The family of Mary Gatz would like to thank Odyssey Healthcare OKC, physicians and staff who cared for her during her time at Bellevue Health Center in Oklahoma City.  
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made through the funeral home to the  charity of the donors choice. 
			