“The Rose Lady”  Ernestine Hope Pixler    
Funeral services for Ernestine Hope Pixler will be at 10:00 a.m. Friday, October 11, 2013 at Waynoka First Baptist Church with Rev. David Shaw officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.    
Ernestine Hope Pixler, daughter of the late Sidney Harland, and Marie (Pelfry) Kelly, was born October 21, 1936, in Kenova West Virginia, and passed away October 3, 2013, at Alva, Oklahoma at the age of 76 years, 11 months, and 12 days.    
Ernestine attended school in several places, graduated high school at Rose Lake, Idaho, and attended college in Merced, California.  She was united in marriage to Andrew Jackson Ball 1954 and divorced in 1968, which at that time she worked in a sewing factory in Mississippi. Later when she lived in Dos Palos she did sewing for the women in town, and worked at Coronet. In October, 1983, she was united in marriage to Alvin (Jr.) Pixler.  They lived several years in Idaho, and then moved to Waynoka about 15 years ago.    
She was a member of the Pentecostal church.  She enjoyed gardening, especially growing roses.  She had over 147 hybrid roses and her last note in her ROSE BOOK was she wanted at least 7 more.  She kept an accounting of her roses, when she planted them, what type Hybrid they were and everything about them.  She was also a member of the Garden Club and her home was featured on the Garden Club tour.  Her yard was named “Yard of the week” many times because of her rose gardening.  She also loved needle point, crocheting, and sewing small doll clothes for Barbie dolls, along with crossword puzzles and reading many books. She especially loved her Kindle Fire that she received early for her birthday, she loved keeping in touch with long lost family and seeing pictures of her children/grandkids and their updates on Facebook.      
Besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her son James Henry Ball; one brother, Dan Ray Kelly; and one sister Edith Lee Pixler; and step dad Lester Whitehead.    
Ernestine is survived by her husband, Alvin; two daughters, Andrea Hope Young and husband, David, of Rogers Arkansas, Carolyn Elaine Lockwood and husband, David, of Albany, Oregon; two sons, Andrew Jackson Ball II, and wife, Deborah, of Sallisaw, Oklahoma, and Donald Ray Ball of Yukon, Oklahoma; two sisters, Violet Vourkais of Chowchilla, California, and Sylvia Jane (Katie) Kelly Baldwin and husband, Chuck, of Arly, Alabama.    
Also surviving are four stepchildren, Stanley Pixler and wife, Eva, of Coeur d’ Alene, Idaho, Dan Pixler and wife, Pamela, of Mariposa, California, Alan Pixler and wife, Louise, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Geraldine Johnson and husband, John, of Post Falls, Idaho, along with many others that called her Mom such as Michael Hooper, and Bobby Porter.  Ernestine also has 13 grandchildren, 6 step-grandchildren, 20 and a half (one on its way) great grandchildren, and 8 step-great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.    
Memorial contributions to be made to the Waynoka E.M.T.’s or Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for cancer research. 
			