
					
				Funeral services for Vernon Ray Selvey will be 10:00 a.m. Saturday, October 4, 2014, at the Waynoka Church of God with Pastor Ken Higgins officiating.  Interment will be in the Waynoka Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Waynoka, LLC.   	  Vernon Ray Selvey, son of the late Lawrence Thomas Newton and Lillian (Fehrenbach) Selvey, was born December 9, 1934, at Drumright, Oklahoma, and passed away October 1, 2014, at Waynoka, Oklahoma, at the age of 79 years, 9 months, and 22 days.  	  Vernon attended school in Perry, Yale and Tonkawa.  He served in the United States Navy.  On April 2, 1971, he was united in marriage to Mabel Sword at Gainesville, Texas.  They made their home in Waynoka where he sold beauty aids, cosmetics, and health care products to grocery stores.  	  He was a member of the Waynoka Assembly of God Church where he was serving as songleader and deacon.  He loved woodworking, carpentry and fishing.    
Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by one daughter, Gail Ferguson; one sister, Wilma Ingram; and one daughter-in-law, Dawn Ann Selvey.   	  Vernon is survived by his wife, Mabel, of Waynoka; three sons, Mike Selvey of San Angelo, Texas, Rick Selvey and wife, Cynthia, of Alva, and Jeff Selvey and wife, Lisa, of Waynoka; three daughters, Carlene Thompson and husband, Bobby, of Oklahoma City, Debbie Reed Roundtree and husband, Sammy, of Texas, and Diana Cunningham; and one brother, Walter Selvey and wife, Wanda, of Oklahoma City.  	  Also surviving are 16 grandchildren, Jeffrey Roundtree of Waynoka, David Roundtree of Waynoka, Sav’Annha Black and husband, Robby, of Watonga; Ashlee Roundtree of Waynoka, Brack Slater of Waynoka, Shawn Selvey and wife, Bonnie, of Alva, Abby Selvey of Kansas, Tanner Selvey of Waynoka, Mark Cunningham, Charley Cunningham and Travis Cunningham, all of Wichita, and Michelle Moore, and Brandon Moore, of Oklahoma City, Chris Selvey and Mike Selvey of Texas, and Dustin Thompson of Oklahoma City; many great grandchildren; other relatives and friends.  	  Memorial contributions may be made to the funeral home to help with funeral expenses. 
			