Darin Lee Clapper was born April 23, 1967, in Alva, Oklahoma to Tama Louise Drake and Delroy Lee Holzwarth.  He departed this earthly life to walk with his Lord and Savior on March 10, 2007, at the age of 39 years, 10 months, and 15 days.  
He grew up in Waynoka where he attended and graduated high school in 1985.  He was very active in 4-H and FFA where he served as an officer.  He had many winning projects including a 1st at Woodward District Show and the Tulsa State Fair.  He was the first male FCCLA member in the Waynoka Chapter, and he was also Captain Railroader.  He attended Morning Star Baptist Church where he was saved and baptized at the age of 11.   
In 1975 his mother married David Clapper and he adopted Darin and his sisters, Mylee and Kama.  After graduation, he attended college at Oklahoma State University Okmulgee Tech.  He has worked as a shop foreman for the last 17 years at Clean Harbors.  
On August 4, 2001, he married Suzanne Asche in Mooreland, Oklahoma.  They have made their home in Waynoka and have been very blessed during their marriage.  
Darin loved the outdoors, was an avid hunter and loved to fish.  He especially loved deer hunting with his family and had recently started coon hunting with his son, Cody.  As a mechanic, he loved tinkering and working on vehicles.  He rebuilt a car with his daughter, Ashley.  
He was very involved in his children&amp;s activities, always traveling to stock shows and willing to help any kids with their livestock projects.   Any time his nieces and nephews were involved in activities, he was sure to be checking on the outcome.  Family was very important to Darin.  He was very close to his sisters, Kama and Mylee, traveling with them and their families each summer.  
He was preceded in death by his dad, David Clapper, his Grammie, Eldena Hodges, and his grandfather Alvin Holzwarth.  
He is survived by his wife, Suzanne, daughter Ashley and son, Cody of the home; his mother, Tama Clapper of Orlando, Florida, his grandfather, Stuart Hodges of Waynoka; his grandmother, Marie Holzwarth of St. Frances, Kansas; his father, Delroy Holzwarth and wife, Kathy of Salina, Kansas; his sisters, Mylee Bell and husband, Jon of Amarillo, Texas, Kama Brune and husband, Phillip, of Joplin, Missouri, Shamryn Holzwarth of Wichita, Kansas; and a brother, Josh Holzwarth of Phoenix, Arizona; five nieces and nephews, Christopher Brune, Nicholas Brune, Justie Bell, Hannah Tubb and Ethan Brune, who will miss their Uncle Bub; and a multitude of friends and family who will miss him greatly.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the Waynoka 4-H and FFA Booster Club. 
			