Funeral services for Donnie Gooch will be 2:00 p.m. Wednesday, January 20, 2010, at the Zion Lutheran Church with Pastor Mark Bersche officiating.  Interment will be in the Alva Municipal Cemetery under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva.  
Donnie David Gooch was born on February 9, 1934, to David Francis Gooch and Edith Ellen (Gottsch) Gooch on his grandfathers farm north of Waynoka and passed away January 16, 2010, at Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 75 years, 11 months, and 7 days.  
Donnie attended the Rose Valley and Avard Public Schools for two years before graduating from Waynoka High School in 1952.  
He went to work for the Santa Fe railroad and later moved to Medicine Lodge, Kansas, where he worked for National Gypsum.  He was united in marriage to Helen Elaine Goucher in 1955 at the Avard Christian Church.  To their marriage was born a daughter, Debra Michelle.  Donnie was drafted into the United States Army in 1956 and served two years active duty and two years in the Oklahoma National Guard.  
Donnie attended Northwestern Oklahoma State University and graduated with a Bachelors Degree in Education in 1967.  He went on to earn his Master?s Degree from Southwestern Oklahoma State University in 1975.  His professional career was spent teaching elementary school in Centerview, Freedom, Sharon, and Chisholm Public School where he retired in 1992 with a total of 28 years teaching.  
He was also actively involved in farming in the Avard community and continued to farm until the end of his life.  
Donnie was preceded in death by his parents and his loving wife, Helen, in 1999.  
He is survived by his daughter, Debra Sample, and husband, Jerry, of Morrison, Oklahoma; one brother, Gary Gooch, of Midwest City, Oklahoma; seven grandsons, Zachary, Christopher, Matthew, Benjamin, Timothy, Joseph, and Gabriel Sample all of Morrison; a special friend, Shirley Miller of Hardtner, Kansas; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation for diabetes research. 
			