A memorial service for Kenneth Leon Pearson will be 2:00 p.m. Tuesday, April 24, 2007, at the Marshall Funeral Home Chapel with the Reverend Carolyn Murrow officiating.  Services will be under the direction of Marshall Funeral Home of Alva. 	 Kenneth Leon Pearson, son of Albert "Hap" Pearson and the late Florence Lela (Haltom) Pearson, was born January 29, 1929, at Pratt, Kansas and passed away April 21, 2007, at Share Convalescent Home in Alva, Oklahoma, at the age of 78 years, 2 months, and 23 days.  
Leon graduated from Alva High School.  Soon after graduating he joined the United States Army as a mechanic.  On June 9, 1960, he was united in marriage to Johanne May Schukesting at Alva, Oklahoma.  They made their home in Alva and raised their family.  
Leon was a member of the First Presbyterian Church.  He worked as a mechanic until his retirement from Mark Ream Motor in 1991.  He was a member of the Antique Car Club and was a huge Goldbug and Ranger sports fan, rarely missing a game.  He also loved playing with the grandkids and watching the Atlanta Braves.  
Leon was preceded in death by his mother and his wife, Johanne.  
He is survived by his children, Janella Shellenberger and her husband, Bobby, of Wichita, Kansas, David Hamil and his wife, Laura Beth, of Alva, Delinda McMurtrie and her husband, Johnny, of Tonkawa, Oklahoma, and Dennis Pearson and his wife, Angela, of Buffalo, Oklahoma; his father, Albert ?Hap? Pearson; his brothers, Darrel Pearson and his wife, Jean, of Oolaga, Oklahoma and Larry Pearson and his wife, Sonja, of Clinton, Oklahoma; and his sister, Janette Detwiler of Alva.  
Also surviving are ten grandchildren, Paul Shellenberger and his wife, Beth, of Wichita, Kansas, Clay Hamil and his wife, Tasha, of Alva, Kenny Mahon and his wife, Holly, of Morrison, Oklahoma, Craig Hamil and his wife, Jerrica, of Glencoe, Oklahoma, Beth Mahon and friend, Remington Rose, of Alva, Jessica Pearson and friend, Randy Hanks, of Alva, Nichole Shellenberger of Wichita, Kansas, Karlea Pearson of Buffalo, Oklahoma, Ashley Hamil of Alva, and Lacey McMurtrie of Tonkawa, Oklahoma; two great grandchildren, Aubrey Mahon and MaKale Hamil; other relatives and many friends.  
Memorial contributions may be made through the funeral home to the American Lung Association. 
			